Chapter 437: One Finger and One Palm Astounds His Opponents

This single finger encompassed the strongest power of fire essence that Jiang Chen currently possessed. He’d absorbed the Fire Raven King’s core, assimilated another two caverns worth of fire essence spirit veins, and now had refined the Divine Fruit of the Rosy Dawn. The fire essence power coursing through him had reached a frighteningly pure stage.

This point was a technique that he’d practiced during his closed door cultivation, called “Supernova Point”. This technique could destroy an entire continent or a plane of existence when trained properly by the appropriate cultivators. Its power was astounding. 

Jiang Chen had only scraped the surface of this art, but when he focused the power of fire essence onto his fingers, the power behind the sudden outpouring of the blazing essence was enough to destroy everything it encountered. 

It was a good thing that Wu Chen had quickly withdrawn his hands. Even so, his hands had still been burned by the residual heat from the immense fire essence power. His entire palm would’ve likely been crippled if it hadn’t for the mysterious gloves.

The frightening scene shocked Wu Chen beyond belief. His expression changed greatly as he stumbled back a few steps and looked at Jiang Chen in fright.

Wu Chen had previously crushed Li Yuan of the Precious Tree Sect and Wang Tuo of the Myriad Spirit Sect one after the other. His confidence had been greatly inflated and he’d felt immensely superior to the cultivators of the sixteen kingdom alliance.

Therefore, when he snapped his whip, he’d thought that he could thoroughly destroy Jiang Chen. He never would have thought that this opponent would be completely different from all his previous ones.

Jiang Chen had used almost the same way that Wu Chen himself had used on his previous two opponents to absolutely dominate Wu Chen.

He was Jiang Chen alright, the situation was completely overturned as soon as he made a move.

The overweeningly proud Wu Chen was now ashen faced. He wore a completely panicked look and made those of the other three sects all feel that they could puff out their chests and lift their heads with pride.

Although Jiang Chen had yet to complete the induction ceremony, all of them now were viewing him as the spokesperson of the three sects.

He was their only hope to save face and salvage their losing situation.

The forefathers all exchanged several looks and could find from each other’s gaze a sliver of comfort. It was obvious that they saw hope from Jiang Chen.

Zuo Lan had also not anticipated that Jiang Chen would be so different.

He was well aware of Wu Chen’s strength. Although Wu Chen was of the ninth level spirit realm, he was completely capable of putting up a fight against a spirit king of the sixteen kingdom alliance level.

But this Jiang Chen however, had used one finger to destroy the whip that Wu Chen was proud of and had almost taken his hand in the process.

Even Zuo Lan hadn’t recognized just what method was used.

Wu Chen had come off worse in the exchange, but Gu Xiong’s large body immediately jumped out, grasping the broadsword in his hand and raising it with a flourish. Calling upon the strength from the ninth heavens and cleaving down on Jiang Chen’s head with impressive momentum.

“Are you even worthy of using a blade?”

Jiang Chen snorted derisively, taking a step forward and rising to meet the blade’s momentum, neither dodging nor evading. He seemed to be throwing himself onto the blade’s edge.

“What’s he doing?!” Those watching beneath the ring were all dumbfounded.

The forefathers also stared at each other, at a loss of what to do. They didn’t know what Jiang Chen was cooking up.

Even though Zuo Lan was of the earth origin realm, he too found this scene to be incredulous. He knew better than anyone just how strong the strength behind Gu Xiong’s blade was.

Seeing Jiang Chen be so careless as to charge headfirst into the momentum of Gu Xiong’s blade, was he seeking death?

Of course, Jiang Chen was far from attempting to court death. As he moved, his God’s Eye circulated quickly as he clearly saw through the trajectory of Gu Xiong’s downward swing.

Although his strike was fierce and fast, his movements were meticulously dissected under the function of the God’s Eye, as if in front of a slow motion lens.

Jiang Chen was able to see through clearly and form a counter to Gu Xiong’s stroke with one glance.

Gu Xiong’s movements then seemed to become those of a naughty child playing with a wooden sword in front of Jiang Chen, posing no threat at all.

Jiang Chen suddenly flicked his wrist and used his palm as a blade, cleaving out diagonally with one slice.

Crack!

An eye piercing flash of golden colored light appeared with his hand blade, striking unerringly at the back of Gu Xiong’s blade and giving rise to a metallic collision sound.

Gu Xiong felt the area between his thumb and index go numb as a bizarrely strong surge of strength traveled up through the back of his blade up to his hand, spreading throughout his entire arm and invading his organs.

Gu Xiong felt like lightning had touched him, becoming instantly paralyzed.

Jiang Chen sliced out again with his palm.

Crack!

Another crisp breaking sound rang out as Gu Xiong’s broadsword was broken clean into two halves.

“You dare parade your blade techniques with such a dilapidated piece of scrap metal? Get the hell off the stage!” 

Jiang Chen declared loudly as he stomped one foot onto Gu Xiong’s stomach.

Bam!

Gu Xiong flew out like a pummeled sandbag, flying out more than ten meters and landing with a thud, kicking up dust and looking thoroughly disheveled.

Gu Xiong, who’d just defeated the head of the Precious Tree Sect, seemed to be as helpless as a child who’d just started walking in front of Jiang Chen.

Wu Chen and Gu Xiong had both trampled several senior executive powerhouses of the three great sects not too long ago, but they had been revisited with the same cruelty in the blink of an eye.

Jiang Chen had crushed them with an almost contemptuous ease that far exceeded their attitude against the senior sect levels just now.

“Thousandleaf, I, Ninelion, have lived for quite some time and have never been jealous of any innate constitution, but I’m really quite jealous of your Jiang Chen.”

Icemist also sighed with a complicated tone, “The Precious Tree Sect’s foundations are solid with this extraordinary genius. It would be an easy matter to pass on your legacy for tens of thousands of years.”

Thousandleaf was enveloped with bliss at the moment. He didn’t know what to say and could only grin foolishly. He’d already speculated about Jiang Chen’s abilities to the greatest of his abilities.

However, Jiang Chen’s performance had still exceeded his estimations.

To be honest, when the forefathers had seen Wu Chen and Gu Xiong easily roll over the sect executives, they’d truly felt helpless and resigned in that moment.

But Jiang Chen had swept away everyone’s dejection with his appearance and completely turned the battle situation around. He’d even used the same methods as their opponents and had even done so in a more stunning fashion.

Ye Chonglou was the happiest amongst the forefathers. A mix of emotions assaulted him when he saw Jiang Chen’s performance.

He’d always firmly believed that Jiang Chen would exceed him, but he’d never thought that this day would arrive so quickly. With Jiang Chen’s current demonstration, he absolutely had the right to be mentioned in the same breath as Ye Chonglou, even though he was still only of the spirit realm.

The three great sects were all excited beyond belief.

Zuo Lan and the Purple Sun Sect however, were all in a state of stunned disbelief. It was as if Wu Chen and Gu Xiong had been swapped out for someone else. They completely lacked the bearing they’d had earlier in crushing the three great sects and had been thoroughly trampled instead.

“Just what kind of fortuitous occurrences has that scum Jiang Chen received? Why has his strength risen so quickly?!” Sunchaser was the epitome of dejection.

From the momentum and strength behind his moves, Sunchaser could see that Jiang Chen had improved greatly from his battle in the Shangyang Kingdom. It could even be said that his strength had improved by leaps and bounds.

How would he know that after Jiang Chen had taken the Divine Fruit of Rosy Dawn, he’d broken through and not only entered ninth level spirit realm, but continued to climb and had charged to the peak of the spirit realm? He was now fully worthy of the title of spirit king!

Since achieving the peak of the spirit realm, Jiang Chen’s God’s Eye had had tangible improvements, and his eye for detail was now exact enough to pick up the most minute of details.

Cultivators on the same level as him were utterly incapable of matching him in combat.

He’d trained the “Nine Transformations of the Demons and Gods” to the third level, where he was now training his tendons and bones. His hardened body of immensely consolidated tendons and bones were now stronger than a nine times refined spirit weapon. Add that to the inner armor that he’d refined from the scale of the Redscaled Firelizard, his body had attained an extraordinary breakthrough in toughness.

Therefore, the force behind his hand blade just now had been in excess of that of ordinary nine times refined spirit weapons. With the unique advantages of his spirit ocean, his use of spirit power was also far beyond his peers.

Gu Xiong and Wu Chen had both received enormously valuable heritages from the Sky Sect, and their cultivation and equipment were all far beyond cultivators in the sixteen kingdom alliance.

Such were their advantages.

But these were only advantages when compared to the sixteen kingdom alliance.

Jiang Chen was an exception. Compared to him, none of their techniques or equipment could be considered an advantage over Jiang Chen.

This was particularly true for techniques. In Jiang Chen’s eyes, as advanced as their methods were, it was still just a method. With Jiang Chen’s experience from his past life and the God’s Eye that he trained in this life, he could see through to the heart of his opponent’s technique with nothing more than a glance.

Once Gu Xiong and Wu Chen lost their advantages, they were no different from the senior executives of the four great sects.

This was why Jiang Chen had so easily trampled his opponents with one finger and one palm, destroying two weapons and their fighting spirit.

This wasn’t a simple crushing of cultivation level, but also one of martial dao knowledge, a holistic victory.

“Do I need to say this one more time? Just one of you isn’t enough, all three of you can come at me.”

Jiang Chen’s tone was mild. Although he wasn’t purposefully strutting around, his words and strong attitude was enough to make those of the three sects feel greatly proud of themselves.

After continual humiliation from Wu Chen and Gu Xiong, they’d now returned it to the two in spades.

“Jiang Chen, is it?” Zuo Lan suddenly spoke. “I’ll admit that I underestimated you before. That Long Juxue of the innate constitution actually did not die a wronged death at your hands. However, the fate of a low birth is a disadvantage that you will never be able to overcome. So, pledge allegiance to me and I shall mentor you. Become one of my envoys and work for me. This will be better than living out your life in drudgery in this backwater.”

“As long as you agree, all previous matters can be forgotten!” Zuo Lan was very domineering as he didn’t bother to seek opinions from Sunchaser or the Purple Sun Sect at all.

Zuo Lan was actually recruiting Jiang Chen! 

The forefathers of the three sects all had mixed emotions in that instant, deeply worried about losing something precious to them.