A large majority of people believed Jiang Chen’s words. Although they didn’t think that he might have given the complete truth, they didn’t suspect him too much. In their opinion, the biggest boon one could receive from the Veluriyam Pagoda was without a doubt the ancient Veluriyam King’s empyrean decree and relic. Compared to these two items, the rest were insignificant at best. The reason so many people tried to conquer the Veluriyam Pagoda every sixty years was to obtain that ultimate inheritance enshrined within.

Therefore, no one suspected Jiang Chen’s words when he claimed that he had been given the chance to obtain the empyrean decree. As long as the empyrean decree and relic were still around and the Veluriyam Pagoda’s infinite light still present, it meant that young lord Zhen hadn’t obtained the ultimate inheritance.

In that case, there was nothing to be jealous about. His achievement of conquering all nine Veluriyam Obelisks no longer drew as much envy and jealousy as before. After all, what everyone was most concerned and worried about previously was the possibility that young lord Zhen might claim the ultimate treasure. Since it was safe, they immediately felt a lot better.

While conquering all the Veluriyam Obelisks was a great boost to young lord Zhen’s reputation, reputation was ultimately a transient thing. The real reward was the training and improvement one obtained during the process of conquering all nine Veluriyam Obelisks. Such benefits weren’t visible for everyone to see, so naturally the people didn’t feel too strongly about it. Now that Jiang Chen had finally come out of the Veluriyam Pagoda, it meant that this gathering was truly over.

After the seven great emperors’ forces had all retreated from the Veluriyam Pagoda, the curtains finally closed on this grand event. The factions and powers under the seven great emperors’ command all returned to their territories with all kinds of thoughts. 

Several years had passed since Jiang Chen had entered the Veluriyam Pagoda, but when he returned to Sacred Peafowl Mountain, everything felt as familiar as yesteryear. The first thing he did after returning to Sacred Peafowl Mountain wasn’t to return to his abode. Instead, he visited Emperor Peafowl in his palace. He knew that the emperor must have some private questions that he wished to ask him.

“Little Zhen, did you really not obtain anything from the Veluriyam Pagoda?” Emperor Peafowl was still a little curious. He didn’t covet the boons inside the Veluriyam Pagoda. He was just unhappy that Jiang Chen had come away with nothing. He thought that a person of Jiang Chen’s fortune and destiny shouldn’t have ended up empty handed.

Jiang Chen had sworn an oath on his own inner demons, so of course mentioning the Six Palaces of Heritage was taboo. He smiled calmly. “Your Majesty, the most critical thing I’ve received on this journey is the training, so of course I’ve benefited a little from the experience. However, I really didn’t obtain that empyrean decree or relic.”

Jiang Chen purposely diverted Emperor Peafowl’s attention towards the two items.

The emperor sighed quietly. “The empyrean decree and relic. Everyone believes that these two items are the ultimate inheritance that exists in the Veluriyam Pagoda, but I’ve spent a great deal of time meditating about it, and I just have a feeling that these two items may not necessarily be the final inheritance.”

Jiang Chen was very surprised to hear this. Was Emperor Peafowl really this enlightened? If he hadn’t heard the truth from Honored Master P’eng’s own mouth, he might have believed that those two items were the ultimate inheritance of the Veluriyam Pagoda himself.

Naturally, Emperor Peafowl had no idea, but his words were proof of his incredible level of enlightenment. This was truly surprising. But of course, Jiang Chen wasn’t in a position to agree. He only responded, “The Veluriyam Pagoda is too big. I only hung around in the secret realm of heritage while I was inside. I didn’t even have time to check out the secret realm of battle or the secret realm of adventure.”

“It’s a non-issue. Your gains are definitely the greatest out of everyone who entered the Veluriyam Pagoda because you’ve conquered all nine Veluriyam Obelisks with your might. Even if there are no physical rewards, I still believe that your knowledge and experience in martial dao exceeds that of all other participants.” 

“It’s unfortunate that I failed to fulfill your expectations, Your Majesty.” Jiang Chen could see a trace of disappointment from Emperor Peafowl’s eyes despite his attempts to conceal it.

Emperor Peafowl let out a quiet sigh. He 

was

 a little disappointed, but not because of Jiang Chen’s performance. He was feeling sorry for Jiang Chen’s loss. Sadly, it seemed that the Veluriyam Pagoda was just too powerful. Even a genius like Jiang Chen wasn’t able to conquer it.

“It’s alright. The fact that you were able to conquer all nine Veluriyam Obelisks is extraordinary enough already. Who knows, maybe you’ll find greater gains in the future. There are all kinds of pleasant surprises to be met along the way of martial dao, and that is why it is as attractive as it is. You’ve done your best by conquering all nine Veluriyam Obelisks. It is something that no one has accomplished for tens of thousands of years.” Emperor Peafowl actually consoled Jiang Chen instead.

Jiang Chen was troubled. The emperor was truly a man of honor, and yet he had to lie to such a person because of his oath. Jiang Chen couldn’t help but feel a bit uncomfortable with this. 

Your Majesty. I have no choice. I hope that I’ll be able to tell you the truth when I inherit the Veluriyam Pagoda in the future.

Suddenly, he recalled the kunpeng bloodline. He remembered Honored Master P’eng telling him to use this bloodline carefully, and that he should only entrust it to people that truly deserved it. He had no doubt in his mind that Emperor Peafowl was worthy of this trust.

“Your Majesty, I may have not obtained the empyrean decree and relic when I entered the Veluriyam Pagoda, but I didn’t go away completely empty handed,” Jiang Chen said after an idea danced in his mind.

“Oh?” Emperor Peafowl’s eyes lit up.

“I’ve acquired three drops of an ancient divine beast’s bloodline. It’s called the kunpeng bloodline. I owe Your Majesty for your protection, so it is only right for this junior to repay the favor with one drop of kunpeng bloodline.” Jiang Chen had long since split up the three blood droplets into sets. He took out one set and passed it respectfully to Emperor Peafowl.

He felt that the emperor deserved one drop of kunpeng bloodline. His moral standing also deserved Jiang Chen’s trust. The oath that he had sworn on his inner demons only demanded that he would not reveal the secrets of the Six Palaces of Heritage. Since the kunpeng bloodline was his possession, it was his natural right to distribute it however he liked. Therefore, it didn’t count as exposing a secret. Jiang Chen didn’t think that it was a waste to gift it to Emperor Peafowl. Perhaps a drop of empyrean bloodline was the best praise to a senior of acute foresight like Emperor Peafowl.

The emperor was a direct descendant of an ancient peafowl bloodline just like the Coiling Dragon Clan, whose clansmen were direct descendants of a dragon bloodline. The only difference between Emperor Peafowl and the Coiling Dragon clan lord was that the former’s peafowl bloodline was thicker. That was why his achievements were destined to be greater than the Coiling Dragon clan lord.

“The kunpeng bloodline is an empyrean bloodline. When I obtained this item, a voice told me that every drop of kunpeng bloodline can manifest an empyrean expert,” Jiang Chen said seriously.

This time, Emperor Peafowl was truly moved. “An empyrean bloodline?”

Jiang Chen nodded and stared at Emperor Peafowl. “Your Majesty, you are a kind person. When you sensed the heavenly laws thousand of years ago, you should have already ascended as an empyrean cultivator. Therefore, you rightfully deserve this bloodline. This gift will make you stronger.”

Jiang Chen knew that Emperor Peafowl was a proud man. He was a cultivator who could sense the heavenly laws on his own, peer into them, and ascend as an empyrean cultivator without any outside help. That was why Jiang Chen was very reserved with his words. He meant that His Majesty might be able to ascend to empyrean realm with his own strength, but that the bloodline could still make him even stronger.

Emperor Peafowl laughed loudly. “Wonderful. The kunpeng bloodline, is it? This bloodline is similar to the peafowl bloodline, and the two divine beasts were even related by blood in the ancient times. Although I am a descendant of the peafowl bloodline, after so many years the strength of my bloodline has become largely inferior. The kunpeng bloodline you obtained from the Veluriyam Pagoda is sure to be an ancient bloodline, so not only will I be able to ascend to empyrean realm easily, this bloodline will even expand my potential and improve my bloodline’s strength massively! I may even be able to cultivate to greater heights in the future. There’s no doubt that I’ve benefited from associating with you this time, little Zhen.”

The emperor didn’t pretentiously try to turn down the offer. After all, there was no need for such pretense right now. Emperor Peafowl knew just how difficult their current circumstances were, and it was too difficult to change the fate of the entire human race with his strength alone. There were many times where he was plagued by a sense of powerlessness. This ancient kunpeng bloodline was without a doubt a serious boost of confidence. It immediately quelled a lot of the restlessness in Emperor Peafowl’s heart.

After accepting the kunpeng bloodline, Emperor Peafowl cast another glance at Jiang Chen. This time, however, he frowned. “Your martial dao progress seems barely satisfactory even though you’ve entered the Veluriyam Pagoda.”

Before Jiang Chen had entered the Veluriyam Pagoda, he was at eighth level sage realm. But now, he was only at ninth level sage realm. Although he was at the peak of ninth level sage realm, this cultivation speed was a little dissatisfactory to Emperor Peafowl.

If it had been anyone else, Emperor Peafowl might not have said anything about it. But when it came to Jiang Chen, this progress was obviously not enough. A day of cultivation in the secret realm of heritage was the equivalent of twenty days of cultivation outside. Therefore, a few years of cultivation in the Veluriyam Pagoda was the equivalent of tens to hundreds of years of cultivation outside. Naturally, Emperor Peafowl couldn’t be satisfied with the fact that Jiang Chen had only improved by only one level.

Jiang Chen smiled wryly. “Your Majesty, I received many kinds of rewards in the Veluriyam Pagoda. If I had focused all my efforts on achieving a breakthrough, then I would have reached the emperor realm already. However, there are certain things that I’ve taken into consideration, and I ultimately thought that now is not the best time to achieve a breakthrough.”

“Oh?” Emperor Peafowl looked moved upon hearing his answer. Suddenly, a trace of expectation rose in his heart as he stared at the interesting young man. He had never seen a young man who was so opinionated regarding his own cultivation. In fact, he actually looked like he had a clear plan in his head.

“Your Majesty, does Sacred Peafowl Mountain have any earth attribute treasures? Thanks to the Pentecolor Divine Swords you’ve gifted me, I am now only lacking in the earth attribute. If I can gather some earth attribute treasures and fully master all five attributes before I attempt my ascension to emperor realm, the results will be much better.”