Jiang Chen was quick. In less than half an hour, he’d made a clean sweep of the shop.

Chu Xinghan’s jaw dropped as he witnessed the process from start to finish. He’d never known how great it felt to do whatever you wanted in the martial dao world.

Jiang Chen naturally didn’t linger after raiding the shop. He boarded Starfate and prepared to leave.

Commander Yan had witnessed Jiang Chen’s actions as a captive. He widened his eyes and glared at Jiang Chen after getting into the airboat, his gaze blazing with fury.

Jiang Chen smiled faintly. “Looks can’t kill no matter how hard you stare at me, Commander Yan. I’m not afraid of killing you. You’re only alive because I don’t want to kill you yet. Watch yourself. I may just change my mind because of the way you’re looking at me.”

“Then kill me,” Commander Yan croaked. “I’m not afraid of you.”

Jiang Chen shrugged. “I don’t need you to be. You’re free to keep angering me. Perhaps I’ll grant you your wish right now.”

Commander Yan may have spoken like a martyr, but in reality, he still dreaded that Jiang Chen might kill him. He was hale and strong, at the peak of his life. He was a ninth level empyrean and recently acquired a strong backer.

He was just about to achieve great things in Bluesmoke. And yet, he’d met his downfall in this unassuming inn. He couldn’t make peace with it. He didn’t want to die yet!

Silence stretched on. The commander let out a long breath and said pensively, “You’re good and you’re not a nobody. If I’m going to lose, I can do a lot worse than losing to you. I don’t fear death, but may I first get some answers?”

Jiang Chen smiled slightly. “What do you want to know?”

“I want to know who you are so that I may accept my defeat.”

Yan Qingsang, who’d been drinking with Jiang Chen, scoffed and piped up. “The Bluesmoke Isles sure are foolish. Which do you think is more powerful, Bluesmoke or House Xiahou from Eternal Divine Nation? How about the rebels of Martial Divine Nation?”

Yan Qingsang greatly admired Jiang Chen. Ever since meeting Jiang Chen, his life had gone only uphill. He was both grateful and impressed with his brother-in-law.

Although he’d disapproved of the two being together at first, when the entire house had been against the idea, he was the first to give in and support Jiang Chen.

Therefore, he felt entitled to half of the credit for what Jiang Chen had achieved.

His decision to follow his brother-in-law had proven to be wise. Jiang Chen was the reason why he’d ascended to empyrean, and why he kept breaking through.

He couldn’t list out all the ways Jiang Chen had helped him.

Commander Yan paused and, as if realizing something, disbelief shot forth from his eyes. He stared at Jiang Chen and stammered, “You… you’re the successor of the Eternal Sacred Land, young lord Jiang Chen?”

Jiang Chen didn’t answer the question, but instead considered Commander Yan carefully with an impossibly deep gaze. It was as if he was trying to dissect the commander with his eyes.

Commander Yan shuddered under the scrutiny and averted his eyes, not willing to meet it.

On one hand, he’d seen how powerful Jiang Chen’s eye technique was.

On the other, he felt exposed when their eyes did meet. It was as if the young man could see through everything and penetrate all of his secrets.

“This is a serious matter, Commander Yan. If you want to live, answer my questions honestly. You may lie and try to trick me, but at the risk of your own life.” Jiang Chen smiled like they were simply talking about the weather.

Commander Yan tensed. This was the real trial.

“I hear that the Bluesmoke Isles has acquired a powerful backer and is planning on establishing a divine nation. I’m curious, who is this mysterious ally of yours?”

Jiang Chen’s blunt words cut right to the chase. The look in Commander Yan’s eyes shifted. Jiang Chen’s God’s Eye penetrated and locked on the commander’s consciousness, making it impossible for him to come up with a lie.

Commander Yan closed his eyes in deep thought, or possibly not wanting to answer at all. 

Jiang Chen didn’t push. In a mild tone, he remarked, “If I don’t get an answer in ten breaths of time, it’ll be the end of your life.”

His words were threatening, but his expression free of aggression, which further sent a shudder down the commander’s spine. He opened his eyes.

“Is that really necessary, young lord Jiang Chen?” muttered Commander Yan.

“Seven,” Jiang Chen calmly said.

Commander Yan’s face contorted painfully, like he was having a fight with himself mentally.

“Four,” continued Jiang Chen.

“Fine, fine,” muttered Commander Yan. “I lose. Whatever you want to know, I’ll tell you. I don’t know who Bluesmoke’s backer is, but according to His Majesty, it’s a divine cultivator, and not just any divine cultivator.”

“Divine realm?” Jiang Chen frowned. “How can there be one with the limited foundations in Bluesmoke?”

“I was doubtful as well, but from what His Majesty told me, the divine realm senior is indeed from Bluesmoke. He escaped the Boundless Prison not too long ago.”

“The Boundless Prison?” Jiang Chen’s attention was piqued. Huang’er too, turned her focus to the commander.

“Are you sure he said the Boundless Prison?” The young lord sought confirmation.

Commander Yan shook his head. “I’m not sure, that’s what His Majesty himself said.”

The Boundless Prison!

“It can’t be!” Huang’er shook her head. “It’s a dimension prison with an unbreakable seal. One can go in, but it’s next to impossible to get out. Throughout the long history of Myriad Abyss, very few have actually fled from the prison.”

“Very few,” said Commander Yan, “but not no one.”

“Have you met the divine expert yet?” asked Jiang Chen.

“No,” Commander Yan said without hesitation. “The senior refuses to meet with anyone but His Majesty. However, I can say for sure that the senior does exist. I’ve felt his terrifying power before!”

“How terrifying?” Jiang Chen asked faintly.

“I’m not well-versed enough to describe it, but the senior must have ascended to divinity some time ago.”