Everyone in attendance tensed.

They’d been slow on the uptake, but it now dawned what it would mean to the Divine Abyss Continent for its coordinates to be exposed—in addition to demons, there could easily be invaders of other races.

Emperor Coiling Dragon inhaled deeply. “Young lord, since the coordinates of our plane have been exposed already, why haven’t there been any powerful invaders since the demons?”

Jiang Chen smiled faintly. “Why do you think?”

Coiling Dragon thought for a while and blurted out, “Can it be that Myriad Abyss has been guarding the continent?”

“The ten sacred lands, to be exact. During the ancient demonic invasion, each of the sects fighting in the war sent part of their forces to Myriad Abyss with their heritage and established the ten sacred lands. They have been defending the gap to the continent against offworld invaders since then.”

The room fell silent. Everyone was shocked by the tale. They’d always considered Myriad Abyss to be home of deserters from the ancient war.

“Then what happened to the deserters?” Mo Wushuang asked curiously.

“Apart from the ten sacred lands, there are many other factions in Myriad Abyss, most of them composed of descendants of those deserters. These factions make up the bulk of Myriad Abyss’ power. Some time ago, they staged a collective uprising, attempting to topple the ten sacred lands. However, they lost.”

Jiang Chen briefly explained the political order of Myriad Abyss.

“Myriad Abyss suffered great damage in the rebellion. It was difficult enough for the ten sacred lands to deter the offworld enemies before, it’ll be even more difficult now. Things don’t look good for the continent as a whole.” Jiang Chen’s tone was grave, but he wasn’t exaggerating.

Within the continent, demons lurked in the dark, ready to launch an attack anytime. Outside the plane, various adventurers had been trying to invade.

If a powerful foe emerged from offworld, it’d be a threat to the continent’s very existence.

There was every reason for them to be pessimistic.

A heaviness hung in the air after Jiang Chen spoke. The human domain had been a frog at the bottom of the well, ignorant to the reality of the world.

The great emperors especially, felt they had reached the peak of martial dao and the human domain at large, but in truth, they were nothing in the vast world.

Apart from the demonic race, Myriad Abyss was far more powerful than the human domain. There were divine cultivators there! And yet, the human domain had believed great emperor was a cultivator’s peak before the Order of Wind and Cloud emerged.

How pathetic.

Jiang Chen could read the heavy mood. “Reality may be cruel, but don’t be too pessimistic. Before the Order of Wind and Cloud, many didn’t even believe great emperors could ascend to empyrean, let alone that empyrean experts resided in the domain. 

“These biases stem from a lack of understanding. Although the human domain has fallen from its past glory, reaching empyrean realm isn’t an impossible dream. I believe more and more empyrean experts will emerge in no time. Our martial dao will enter an age of rapid progress. Once the ancient spirit veins break through their ancient seals, everything will revert back to normal. The human domain will return to its peak in the ancient times.”

There were many factors leading to the decline of the human domain.

The most important one being the toll that the ancient demonic war had taken. Resources had been exhausted and spirit veins depleted. Many major sects and racial heritages had been moved to Myriad Abyss, resulting in the deterioration of the human domain.

In addition, many of the major sects from the ancient times had sealed off their sacred lands and heritage, knowing the demonic war would be disastrous. The Ancient Crimson Heavens Sect and the Primosanct Sect for example.

If the heritage of the ancient sects were continuously excavated, they’d naturally take root in the human domain and flourish. Even if the domain couldn’t be restored to its past self overnight, it’d gradually grow stronger.

What was more, after a couple hundred thousand years of rest, a large portion of the spirit veins had slowly recovered.

Even the martial dao world followed the law of nature. There was an ebb and flow to the natural cycle. Nothing could stay at its peak forever, and nothing would be in decline indefinitely.

As the son of the Celestial Emperor in his past life, Jiang Chen had formed a deep understanding of the patterns of heavenly law during his millions of years in existence.

In his opinion, the human domain had hit rock bottom and was naturally going to rebound after a long period of time.

In fact, it had already started to rise. Since Jiang Chen’s emergence, the collective strength of the domain had improved significantly.

The Veluriyam Capital, for example, had been ruled by a few great emperors with Sacred Peafowl Mountain taking the lead. Now, the mountain was the sole ruler with countless powerful cultivators in its ranks.

Empyrean experts like Mo Wushuang and Jingzhong Hui had also emerged.

Even Forefather Embittered Bamboo of the Embittered Savage Tribe had become the mountain’s servant. That was something no one would’ve even dare dream of before Jiang Chen’s time.

Though Emperor Peafowl was well-respected in Veluriyam Capital, no one could deny that Sacred Peafowl Mountain had made substantial progress under Jiang Chen’s leadership. Not even Emperor Peafowl himself could deny the truth if he was here.

Jiang Chen’s words made the despairing cultivators feel a little better. It was true the human domain had been improving over the years.

“Young lord Jiang Chen, is it really possible for the human domain to recover to how it used to be in the ancient times? I hear that every first rate faction at that time was led by at least one divine cultivator, and sometimes even more. Gods weren’t the rare exceptions in the human race.”

Jiang Chen smiled and answered with a question, “Do you think no human will be able to ascend to divine realm in the future?”

Could there be another human god?

Jingzhong Hui laughed and said in a bright tone, “I’ve done a lot of research on the ancient times. No genius was talented as young lord Jiang Chen even then. Why would you think our young lord isn’t going to become a god in the future?”

Everyone was surprised. Could their young lord become a god?

It suddenly dawned on them that Jiang Chen’s cultivation had reached a height beyond their expectations.