With the support of the three primes, the other two Taiyi Dragonscale Fruits were quickly delivered to Jiang Chen. He refined another two cauldrons of Taiyi Skymender Pills with ease and great efficiency.

For each batch, he handed Ziju Min nine or ten pills and kept six for himself. In total, he’d accumulated eighteen pills, a result which he was greatly pleased with. 

He didn’t need any himself, but he had a lot of friends in the human domain whose talent in martial dao was limited. The Taiyi Skymender Pill could greatly benefit the domain as a whole and create a few more empyrean experts.

The first prime had a decisive nature. She sent out messengers to the other sacred lands, each of them with a Taiyi Skymender Pill, an invitation, and a message. She strictly specified to the messengers that the pill could only be traded for a Taiyi Dragonscale Fruit.

One fruit could produce around ten pills. The trade was massively to their benefit, and the profit tremendous.

In half a month, all of the messengers reached their respective destinations and presented the Taiyi Skymender Pill to their audience. Shock respectively rippled through the pill dao community in each sacred land. The pill was perfect in its color, shape, and character.

All the pill dao figureheads had keen observation skills and couldn’t mask their surprise and appreciation when they saw the pill. They asked about the pill’s origins insistently, but he messengers were more than clever enough to know what they could and could not say. Their embellished descriptions painted the pills in a mythical light.

Of course, the pill dao figureheads weren’t going to be deceived by pretty words. The pill itself, however, was convincing enough.

The Eternal Sacred Land purposefully handed the invitation letter over with the pill. Their intention was clear: A celebration was to be held for the development of a new pill, and their pill dao counterparts from the Ten Divine Nations were invited.

Any new pill, especially one of this level, would take the ten nations by storm. No sacred land would be able to turn it down. They beat around the bush and finally discovered that they could buy the pill with a Taiyi Dragonscale Fruit.

Almost every sacred land had a couple and could afford to spare one. However, everyone immediately connected the dots and wondered if the fruit was an ingredient in the recipe.

Still, there was no arguing that the trade had to be made. The pill was magical in its effects. They had to get their hands one so that they could study it.

The early birds would end up taking the lead. No factions were willing to be left behind. Even though they knew that they were being taken advantage of, they had no choice but to pay the price willingly.

The collection of ingredients for the Crowning Empyrean Pill also went smoothly. In half a month, Ziju Min was able to acquire all the ingredients from different sources. He delivered them to Jiang Chen with great excitement as he’d come to trust the young man unconditionally.

Jiang Chen was thrilled as well. The Taiyi Skymender Pill wasn’t that important to him; he’d already ascended to empyrean realm. But the Crowning Empyrean Pill was another case entirely. 

He wasn’t going to let slip any opportunities to improve his cultivation at this critical juncture. Therefore he was much more excited about refining this pill than he was about the Taiyi Skymender Pill.

Even from a pill dao standpoint, the Crowning Empyrean Pill was better and of a higher level than the latter. The former was a true empyrean pill, while the latter was of a slightly lower level.

As usual, Jiang Chen didn’t immediately start refining after receiving the ingredients. He had a sufficient amount of ingredients, but they were so rare that he didn’t want to waste even a little.

He couldn’t recover ingredients he’d used. He couldn’t be careless with them.

Refining the Crowning Empyrean Pill was much more difficult in comparison. There were more details to pay attention to, and the process itself was more complicated. Fortunately, since he had reached empyrean realm, the challenging refining process wouldn’t be difficult enough for his concentration to falter.

This time, it took him a night and a day to finish refinement. However, two thirds of the time was actually spent on meditating.

Once he started, he did everything with practiced ease and brooked no disruptions. One after another, the pills leapt out of the cauldron like little sprites, full of life and spirit. Pills of such level could be considered quasi-sentient.

Jiang Chen placed the pills in his palm, feeling the energy radiating from them. He felt at peace and a sense of achievement from the bottom of his heart. These pills were the finest work of nature, and also his best to date.

These were the highest level pills he’d refined since arriving on Divine Abyss Continent. There was nothing more satisfying than seeing the pills emerge exactly as he expected.

The cauldron had yielded quite a good number of Crowning Empyrean Pills. He unceremoniously kept four for himself and gave the other seven to Ziju Min.

Ziju Min almost teared up when he held the pills. Before the success of the Taiyi Skymender Pill, he wouldn’t have ever believed that there could exist a magical pill to increase an empyrean expert’s cultivation by one level at no cost. Not even in his dreams could such pill exist.

And yet the young genius had accomplished the unimaginable while he bore witness. He stared at the pill with great concentration, like a man meeting his first love.

He gently handled the pills, worried that he’d hurt them, his eyes filled with adoration. Someone oblivious would have assumed that he was in a relationship with the pills.

Jiang Chen could understand the reaction. There were many pill fanatics in the world of pill dao whose obsession with masterful pills befuddled regular folks. Ziju Min was a prime example.

It took some time for him to come back to himself. He turned to Jiang Chen with an indiscernible expression. “I don’t know what to say, Shao Yuan, so I’ll just say this: we are fortunate to have you. Bringing you here is one of the greatest achievements of my life. Though I can be considered a pill dao master, my greatest contribution to pill dao is none other than bringing you here from House Yan.”

His words were the greatest compliment possible to Jiang Chen. He couldn’t admire the young man more. 

Before, he’d recruited Jiang Chen out of appreciation of the young man’s talent. He’d wanted to take the young man in as his disciple. Now though, he’d thrown the plan out of the window.

He knew his limits. He wasn’t good enough to teach a genius like Jiang Chen. In truth, Jiang Chen was the one who should teach him. Perhaps no one on the entire Myriad Abyss Island was qualified to teach the young man.

Ziju Min was both thrilled and pleased.

The Crowning Empyrean Pill made everything felt like a daydream. He could anticipate that the Taiyi Skymender Pill and Crowning Empyrean Pill would turn the Eternal Sacred Land from a faction negligible in pill dao to one of the greatest powers in Myriad Abyss.

Fate could be such an interesting beast sometimes.

No matter how little recognition they had received before, the two pills would turn things around completely. Many would hold them in high regard, and those who used to look down on them would have to treat them as equals.

Either of the two was enough to astound the world. They were one of a kind and disrupted the market in their own ways. And the Eternal Sacred Land was the sole supplier! Who would dare look down on them then?

The Crowning Empyrean Pill was especially groundbreaking. Ziju Min could foresee that the whole of Myriad Abyss Island would lose their mind over it. Every empyrean expert would covet it day and night. It was an extraordinary pill that had no alternatives.

The exclusivity would enable the Eternal Sacred Land to set the price however they wanted. They’d have neither competition nor rivals.

“Shao Yuan, do you know how the Crowning Empyrean Pill will impact the pill dao world?” Ziju Min couldn’t help but ask.

How could Jiang Chen not know? He responded with a smile, “The demand will far exceed the supply, I think. However, Elder Ziju, the ingredients for the pills are difficult to acquire, and the refining process arduous. I don’t want to end up becoming a pill refining machine for the sacred land. You have to be ready that I will decide when and how much to refine. No one can force me to do anything against my will.”

“Of course.” Ziju Min didn’t want Jiang Chen to misunderstand him. The young man was a valued treasure to the sacred land. They mustn’t let him feel any discomfort.

Ziju Min wanted nothing but to ask the three primes to give the young man full, open support and help him save Yan Qinghuang!