Chapter 453: Chasing Sunchaser

“Be careful Jiang Chen, these are the true origin flames, something that the flames of the spirit realm are unable to measure up to.” Thousandleaf couldn’t help but speak up in reminder from the sidelines.

Although Dan Chi hadn’t made a sound and appeared quite at ease, he couldn’t help but secretly be a bit worried.

Having received Feng Beidou’s treasure, Sunchaser’s strength was sure to have been enhanced. Otherwise, Sunchaser by himself could’ve never displayed such terrifying strength with this move alone.

If this match had occurred before he’d broken through to the origin realm, Jiang Chen would’ve never dared use the Lotus to meet these true origin realm flames.

But now—

The Lotus had had a significant breakthrough in its form after entering the origin realm.

It was a heavenly spirit being to begin with. Even that spirit pearl of fire and ice was far below the Lotus in terms of quality.

However, the Lotus was currently far from reaching the peak of its evolution.

It’s just that Jiang Chen had tapped into its strengths after breaking through to the origin realm.

He’d made up his mind to thoroughly chase after and trounce Sunchaser this time.

He wouldn’t hold back his momentum out of caution for what treasure Feng Beidou gave to Sunchaser.

A cold smile played about the corners of his lips.

Suddenly, whooshes sounded all around Jiang Chen as seventy two vines grew almost in unison around him, as if seventy two wild drakes rising up from the abyss.

Thirty six fire lotuses were arranged on the outer layers, thirty six ice lotuses arrayed inside, protecting Jiang Chen in the core zone.

The evolved Lotus had even more of a fey and unnatural presence to it.

Petals shifted as they overlapped, with the petals from the ice lotuses forming thirty six barriers around Jiang Chen in an instant.

The vines of the fire lotuses rose even higher, contending for their place in the air as if the lesser dragons were competing who’d be first

The petals of the fire lotuses opened like the bloody, yawning maws of ancient beasts as they swallowed each gout of flame as fast as lightning.

This situation of the heavenly fires reminded one of locusts filling the air, with the fire lotuses as birds devouring them, making swift and clean work of their prey.

The fire lotus vines twisted and turned, agile to the extreme. When thirty six fire lotuses all moved at once, the impressive scene of the endless stream of flames unable to break through the blockade of the fire lotuses occurred. 

“Mm?”

Feng Beidou was surprised when he saw this play out. “This lotus is quite mystical and bizarre. What is it?”

“This lotus actually has attributes of both fire and ice!” Dan Chi was also slightly startled by this. Joy bloomed on his face. “He is one with great fortune indeed.”

When they saw that Jiang Chen was actually able to hold up beneath Sunchaser’s attack, the audience was just as astonished.

Thanks to the effects of the spirit pearl of fire and ice, Sunchaser’s attack was more than double what he could muster at his peak condition.

This kind of attack put him on par with an expert of the earth origin realm.

But Jiang Chen, a twenty year old young man, had dispelled his attacks with such a magnificent presence!

“What?!” Incredulity shot out of Sunchaser’s eyes. He knew that Jiang Chen had a miraculous lotus, which was why he’d put most of his strength behind this attack.

However, his true origin flames had been completely devoured by the other. This was simply too great of a blow to Sunchaser’s confidence.

This was the move that he was most proud of and one that he thought was fatal without question!

If Jiang Chen had used all of his strength and barely managed to block it, then Sunchaser might not have been as surprised then.

But to have it all swallowed up by the fire lotuses, it felt like throwing a punch at full strength only for it to land on cotton, as if a stone chucked into the ocean producing not the slightest of ripples.

Just now, out of caution Jiang Chen had deployed the Lotus with his full strength  as well.

He too was secretly startled when he saw the fire lotus devour all of the flames, leaving his ice lotus defences completely unused. 

Jiang Chen had only known that the Lotus has greatly increased in power following his breakthrough to the origin realm.

He never would’ve thought that the fire lotuses’ devouring abilities would rise so much all of a sudden. He’d thought that the fire lotuses would be insufficient and a portion of the fires would get through, putting the ice lotus defenses to use.

Who would’ve thought that the Lotus would give Jiang Chen such an enormous surprise!

He grew more confident in that moment.

Having experienced Sunchaser’s trump card, Jiang Chen’s bearing became much more confident as he laughed heartily.

“Old dog Sunchaser, if this is all you’ve got, then a year from now on will be your memorial day!”

After the thirty six fire lotus vines had swallowed the flames, their forms were enhanced even more. Each fire lotus was akin to a gluttonous wild beast, exploding forth with overbearing momentum and pouncing towards Sunchaser amidst the blazing flames.

Sunchaser sucked in a breath when he saw the fire lotuses bearing down on him. He could feel the noticeable difference in momentum between the attack from the Lotus this time and the one he’d weathered last time.

He’d been able to hack off multiple vines when he swung his broadsword last time.

This time, the stalks had obviously improved many times over no matter the angle one looked at it.

The thirty six fire lotus vines continued to extend, twisting and turning around each other in midair, forming narrow cages in the air in the blink of an eye.

Most frighteningly, by the time the fire lotuses neared Sunchaser, he could see that they had obviously grown much thicker, as big as the girth of a grown man’s thigh.

In addition, the fire lotus vines were noticeably more tenacious than last time.

Sunchaser swiped horizontally.

One vine was severed and fell to the ground.

However, Sunchaser’s momentum too was halted. There was actually no force remaining behind his stroke after severing the first.

“How is this possible?! I could hack off multiple vines with just one stroke last time. But now, sixty to seventy percent of my strength was enough for just one vine?”

The other vines all circled around as this thought traveled through his mind, continuously pressing down on him as if they wanted to crush the very air around Sunchaser.

The vine that he’d chopped at returned to normal after flailing for shortly.

Unless the Flaming Heart of Ice was destroyed, cutting off the vines was absolutely insufficient to extinguish the life of a Bewitching Lotus of Fire and Ice. 

A trance of fear and panic swept through Sunchaser’s heart when he saw this.

The strength and tenacity of the evolved form of this mystical lotus was far beyond his expectations.

He continued to swing his sword, severing a vine with every swing, but the speed of his movements couldn’t keep up with the fire lotuses’ shifts at all.

The air around him was gradually engulfed, forcing him into an ever-decreasing circle.

When he saw this scene, Feng Beidou’s face was as dark as the deepest water. He’d obviously witnessed the extraordinary aspects of Jiang Chen.

Sunchaser wouldn’t be able to hold up at all at this rate.

Dan Chi’s feelings were precisely the opposite of Feng Beidou’s, feeling that he’d picked up a treasure. A twenty year old young man was able to suppress an old monster in the origin realm despite having just entered the origin realm himself!

No matter whom he asked in the Myriad Domain, Jiang Chen was an eye-catching existence.

Although Dan Chi’s eyes remain firmly fixed on the battle, his awareness covered the entire area and had long since witnessed the reactions of the Myriad Domain’s young geniuses.

“Heh heh, these young geniuses in the Myriad Domain have always thought quite highly of themselves and never even looked properly at a remote place such as the sixteen kingdoms. Jiang Chen’s performance today is forcing them to set aside their egos and properly look at this genius from a faraway place!”

It was just as Dan Chi was thinking, the young Myriad Domain geniuses present were finding it difficult to recover from the shock in their hearts.

They had heard of Jiang Chen’s repute as a genius, but only now did they truly understand why his name had spread from the minor sixteen kingdom alliance to the entire Myriad Domain.

Even the most preeminent genius in the Myriad Domain had to admit that this level of cultivation would ensure that in the future Jiang Chen would be listed among the geniuses in the Myriad Domain. 

Feng Beidou’s expression was dark, whereas Zuo Lan behind him felt as if he’d fallen into an icy cavern. He had a feeling that if Sunchaser failed, the Sky Sect’s plan to enter the sixteen kingdoms would be an utter failure.

He would also be affected as a result.

When his thoughts travelled here, Zuo Lan couldn’t reign his temper in as he shouted, “Sunchaser, if you cannot win this fight, then the entire Purple Sun Sect will accompany you in your grave!”

Zuo Lan no longer stayed demure at this time.

Sunchaser felt a jolt through heart when he heard this. Even though Zuo Lan didn’t represent Feng Beidou’s intentions when he spoke, he wasn’t that far off either.

“The envoys of the Sky Sect all have hearts of stone and will surely do as they say. If I lose this match, the sect will surely be done for!”

Sunchaser’s heart burned with anxiety, but all his methods were unable to break through the defenses of that bizarre lotus.

He was incredibly conflicted for a moment as the domineering Lotus had sealed off the space around him.

Scenes filled with hatred and past grudges flashed continuously through his mind.

“Jiang Chen!” The flames of fury burned within Sunchaser, his eyes turning bloodshot as he rasped out, “Don’t be too cocky so early! I’ll drag you down with me even if I die!”

The sudden thought of going down in the blaze of glory rushed through Sunchaser’s mind.

Jiang Chen snorted derisively as he waved with a single hand, sending forth an explosive ray of golden light.

The golden light coalesced into a gale the next moment, churning up a terrifying storm cloud that illuminated the entire area. 

“Mm? What’s that?”

Everyone was dumbfounded by the sudden appearance of the golden light that had roiled into a golden tornado with the backdrop of a storm.

Sunchaser felt his body sink into what felt like a swamp in the next moment. It completely ignored his commands.

“No! What vile tricks did the kid use this time?!” Sunchaser roared continuously as he tried to circulate his qi in an attempt to detonate it and take Jian Chen with him in a suicidal attack.

However his wishful thoughts were all confined within the restraints of the magnetic storm.

The magnetic storm was like golden mud, opponents would be unable to escape from it unless they had a great divine art.

The golden light twisted, forming a vortex that quickly sucked in Sunchaser as if he were a leaf.

Just like a millstone, the golden light ground to a halt after swallowing Sunchaser’s body, before a ghastly cry rang out.

Blood splattered everywhere in the next second.