Chapter 451: Wait For Me to Behead Sunchaser’s Dog of a Head

Dan Chi sank into deep thought, simulating the three matches. If the Precious Tree Sect was unable to win theirs, then it was very likely that they’d lose the bet.

“Well? Dan Chi, I’ve heard that you’ve quite a bit of charisma in the Myriad Domain and are full of drive and ambition. If we lose the bet of three matches, the Sky Sect promises to no longer interfere in the alliance between the Precious Tree Sect and Regal Pill Palace. If you lose, you go back wherever you’ve come from!”

The look that the tenth rank inspector was shooting over was overbearing with provocation.

He and Sect Head Zhu of the Tristar Sect had coordinated from within and without in order to create an atmosphere forcing the Regal Pill Palace down the path of no retreat. They could only answer the call of battle.

This kind of method was much better than simply attempting to bathe the Regal Pill Palace in blood.

The Sky Sect was strong, but not invincible. Their foundations weren’t particularly strong in the Myriad Domain. If they fought head to head with the Regal Pill Palace, they would face pressure from the other sects when they tried to make a move into the Myriad Domain.

The Regal Pill Palace was the local snake—the regional tyrant of the Myriad Domain after all. It was said that even a strong dragon wouldn’t suppress a local snake.

If the Sky Sect engaged in a bloody fight with the Regal Pill Palace, they would absolutely pay a heavy price. This was at obvious odds with the Sky Sect’s plans.

Not to mention that the Regal Pill Palace must have a patron backer if they dared act as such.

Dan Chi sank into a dilemma. 

Ye Chonglou’s ears suddenly twitched as a trace of surprise appeared on his face. Following that, he walked up and spoke a few words next to Dan Chi’s ear.

Dan Chi’s expression froze momentarily, revealing a look of inquiry.

Ye Chonglou nodded very firmly.

Dan Chi thought briefly and suddenly laughed heartily. “Alright, we’ll settle on three matches then. However, how do I know if your words can represent the Sky Sect?”

The tenth rank inspector was contemptuous when he saw Dan Chi and Ye Chonglou’s surreptitious actions. He smiled proudly. “I am Feng Beidou, a tenth rank inspector of the Sky Sect.”

“Alright, since this is so, it is indeed a pleasant matter to have the issue settled through force. Who will you send out to fight?” Confidence was writ all over Dan Chi’s face.

Dan Chi’s change of expression was just a show to maintain his calm in Feng Beidou’s eyes.

“You and I are both the heads of our groups and naturally need to take the field. In addition, this ninth rank inspector is the heart of my Sky Sect and will of course rightfully be taking place. As for the Purple Sun Sect, Sunchaser is the obvious representative.”

Sunchaser had kept quite a low profile this time as he kept to the rear of the entourage. He was well aware that in a situation like this, he was just a hangers-on.

Even the one he was afraid of, Zuo Lan, was a mere follower. How much of a right to speak did he have then?

Sunchaser’s heart trembled with emotion when the inspector said that he would be participating. The eagerness was apparent on his face as he looked forward to achieving certain triumph in this battle and winning Master Feng’s favor.

Sunchaser had had a long-nurtured confidence that he would be able to come out on top against the Precious Tree Sect. Even Thousandleaf had long been weaker than Sunchaser, and quite obviously weaker at that.

As for the others, such as Ye Chonglou, they weren’t on the same level as Sunchaser at all.

Dan Chi smiled faintly when he heard this and surveyed those behind him. “Who is willing to fight with me from our Regal Pill Palace?”

Several senior executives immediately stepped forward to express their intentions.

They were all top cultivators in the Palace, with all of their cultivations exceeding the origin realm, placing them in the mortal sage realm.

Dan Chi was very satisfied to see that everyone had a strong desire to do battle.

He selected one of the strongest, “Xuan Zhen, you accompany me.”

The called-upon Xuan Zhen was one of the vice heads of the Regal Pill Palace, boasting of the second level sage realm, the highest cultivation amongst all of the Palace’s mortal sage realm cultivators. 

His cultivation was second only to Dan Chi’s, an earth sage realm expert.

Xuan Zhen had a head adorned with silver hair and a face as expressionless as a zombie’s, giving off an exceedingly frosty air.

“Haha, there is an abundance of talent in the Regal Pill Palace. Good, good!” Feng Beidou smiled faintly. “I wonder who are you sending out to do battle from the Precious Tree Sect side?”

The senior levels from the Precious Tree Sect all looked at each other. Who would be able to stand up against old monster Sunchaser?

A distant voice sounded from the air at this time. “I will.”

When those words rang out, a golden silhouette suddenly appeared, as if a beam of sunlight shooting down from the high skies.

Feng Beidou’s forehead creased as he looked at the newcomer.

This person was young, his brows well-defined. Starry, iridescent pair of eyes sparkled on his handsome face, and his chiseled face looked like a masterpiece. It was exceedingly stereoscopic, giving one a firm and indomitable feeling.

“Jiang Chen!”

Exclamations sounded forth from the Precious Tree Sect.

Forefather Thousandleaf was also a bit surprised. Ye Chonglou however, was unfazed. Jiang Chen had walked out from the Precious Tree Garden a moment ago and sent a message to him.

Jiang Chen had learned of all that had happened, and decisively asked to take the field when he heard of bet of three matches.

Feng Beidou frowned, looking at the subordinate next to him in obvious inquiry of who this young man was.

Zuo Lan hastened to say, “Master Feng, this is Jiang Chen.”

Feng Beidou’s gaze focused and a sharp light surged out from his eyes like lightning. It shot towards Jiang Chen, attempting to see straight through him.

Jiang Chen remained as unmoving as a mountain, slightly lifting an eyelid slightly and unconcernedly glancing at Feng Beidou.

Although he could feel the immense pressure of earth sage realm aura, Jiang Chen’s strength of heart had advanced more than five times over since breaking through to the origin realm.

Add to that the Evil Golden Eye and the God’s Eye, Jiang Chen was able to ignore all arts of the eyes.

Feng Beidou’s gaze was like a rock thrown into a golden-colored ocean, causing not even the slightest of splashes.

“Mm?” Feng Beidou was enormously surprised. His glance just now had contained only twenty percent of his aura. He’d thought that he would be able to see through Jiang Chen with but a glance, and perhaps even have Jiang Chen make a fool of himself.

He hadn’t thought that it would be as ineffective as a rock sinking into the ocean.

A trace of surprise surged into Feng Beidou’s eyes.

He’d heard of Jiang Chen’s name before, a fellow who had defeated some gray-clad inspector. Standing from the height of Feng Beidou, he couldn’t be bothered to even contemplate a spirit realm fight.

Therefore, he didn’t have a deep impression of Jiang Chen.

However, after this glance, he knew that this name would be deeply branded into his consciousness.

Eyes turn bloodshot when enemies meet.

Sunchaser cackled, roaring out, “Jiang Chen, has everyone in the Precious Tree Sect died? A mere spirit realm cultivator such as you dares take the field? That’s fine as well. It’s to my taste that you’re courting death! I vow that I am less than human if I don’t kill you this time!”

Hatred soared up to the skies. Anyone could make out the vengeful spite in Sunchaser’s tone.

It was obvious that after coming off worse for the wear after multiple engagements with Jiang Chen, Sunchaser’s hatred for Jiang Chen wouldn’t abate until Jiang Chen was dead.

Everyone was filled with anxiety in the Precious Tree Sect.

Forefather Thousandleaf urged in a low tone, “Jiang Chen, Sunchaser is one step away from breaking through to the earth origin realm. You…”

“Indeed Jiang Chen, don’t bite off more than you can chew.” Ye Chonglou was similarly deeply concerned.

“Forefathers, the grudge between Sunchaser and me needs to end someday. I’ve just entered the origin realm and need someone to test myself against. Sunchaser would do so wonderfully.”

“What?” Thousandleaf was dumbfounded, astonishment blossoming on his face as he stammered, “You… you broke through to the origin realm?”

Jiang Chen nodded lightly.

Thousandleaf and Ye Chonglou looked at each other, uncertain what to say in that moment. The speed of this breakthrough had been simply too astounding.

Jiang Chen hadn’t even entered the earth spirit realm when he participated in the initial selection.

He’d continuously broken through in less than two years, reaching the skies in a single leap by entering the origin realm!

One had to know that whether it was Thousandleaf or Ye Chonglou, they had both built up to the step for far, far too long and had waited countless of years before taking it.

Ye Chonglou in particular had almost despaired before Jiang Chen had enlightened him with a single phrase.

However, Jiang Chen had easily stepped across the juncture to the origin realm just like that!

As the saying went, making comparisons would be the death of one.

It was a good thing that Jiang Chen was one of theirs and part of the Precious Tree Sect.

The two forefathers could see delight in the other’s eyes. They knew that the enormous gamble they’d taken with Jiang Chen had paid off in spades.

Sunchaser had no patience for the Precious Tree Sect to catch up with each other. He hopped straight into the ring.

A murderous aura flared as his eyes were shot through with red. He roared, “Whoever is representing the Precious Tree Sect, come swiftly to your death! Jiang Chen you lowly crossbreed, aren’t you trying to pretend that you’re all that? Get the hell in there!”

Jiang Chen suddenly glared with his God’s Eye when he heard these words, killing intent exploding within him.

“Forefathers, please allow me continue this chat with you later. Wait for me to behead Sunchaser’s dog of a head first!”

The word “crossbreed” was absolutely Jiang Chen’s bottom line.

He was extremely respectful towards his fathers in both lives. Calling him a crossbreed wasn’t just an insult to him, but an insult to his fathers in both lives.

Golden light flashed as Jiang Chen swooped to the side opposite of Sunchaser.

“Shut your mouth, old dog Sunchaser. The era of your Purple Sun Sect dominating the sixteen kingdoms is over. With our match today, let me personally end the overbearing dominion your sect has enjoyed over the years, end this era, and send you to the underworld to reunite with your old mistress!”

Jiang Chen stood with his hands behind his back as he spoke, his presence inspiring awe as he stood tall like mountain.

His vast origin power soared to the skies like a thousand-meter mountain, boundless, majestic, invincible, and imposing. There was the faint hint of thunder rolling through his words that shook the heavens and earth.

“Mm? Jiang Chen has broken through to the origin realm?”

“How is that possible? Even if he has, how could his aura be this strong?”

“This aura is absolutely on par with that of an earth origin realm expert! When did he break through to the origin realm?”

Those voicing these words were all from the four great sects in the sixteen kingdoms.

The folks invited from Myriad Domain were all grew somber when they saw this scene, whether or not they thought much of Jiang Chen before.

Even the proudest of the young Myriad Domain geniuses had to chalk up Jiang Chen as a strong future rival once he circulated his aura!