Chapter 456: A Match Full of Suspense

The match between two sage realm cultivators had indeed surpassed everyone’s imagination. However, as the two cultivators fought, they drifted further and further away, rising higher and higher until they were eventually two black dots vanishing into the endless heavens.

This greatly depressed those who were observing the match.

The younger disciples, in particular, all wanted to summon their steeds and follow the two cultivators.

However, they were all halted by the heavyweights of their sects.

“Boss, don’t you have a Goldwing Swordbird? Let’s go and take a look!” Tang Hong walked over, his eyes shining brightly with interest. It was obvious he wanted to witness the face off between sage realm cultivators.

Jiang Chen smiled leisurely with a slight shake of his head.

His powers of understanding weren’t the least bit inferior than those of the heavyweights of the Myriad Domain. He was naturally aware that Palace Head Dan Chi and Feng Beidou had a tacit understanding.

No matter who won, this match would involve the dignity of sage realm cultivators.

Therefore, no matter who the victor was, neither cultivator wanted those beneath them to see them in such a state.

This was why the two had brought their fight away to the point where they’d disappeared into the sky.

It was apparent that they wanted to find a place where they could give free reign to their abilities and battle to their heart’s content.

If any insensible soul followed to watch the match, they would offend both parties.

Each and every powerhouse of the Myriad Domain were all slippery foxes in their own right, and naturally understood the subtleties of the matter. That was why they’d prevented their disciples from acting on their impulses to observe the match.

“Heh heh, Tang Hong, your powers of comprehension are strong, but they’re still below Jiang Chen’s. Palace Head Dan Chi and that Envoy Feng do not wish to be disturbed by the outside world. Whoever goes to watch the match will end up offending both experts.”

Forefather Thousandleaf walked over and issued an earnest warning.

Tang Hong grew thoughtful, and his face split into a huge grin. He looked up at the vast skies and sighed, “When will I, Tang Hong, be as strong as them?”

Jiang Chen laughed. “Everything is possible.”

On the Myriad Domain’s side, there were many speculations about the match.

Most still favored Dan Chi.

There weren’t any tricks to an exchange between experts. Whoever possessed a more dominating momentum would normally hold the initiative. At that point,it was easy enough to predict the outcome when one side controlled the initiative.

Although Feng Beidou hailed from the Sky Sect, it was still a large sect. Even though his position was high, he wasn’t at the peak of his sect.

There were many at his level in the Sky Sect, so even if he’d received the Sky Sect’s heritage, he wouldn’t enjoy an unbelievable amount of resources from the sect.

Dan Chi was completely different. He was the Palace Head of the Regal Pill Palace, the one who held the greatest right to speak.

Therefore, he had the first right to divvy up all of the resources within the sect.

There was also no ground for criticism concerning that. After all, his strength was the highest and he made the greatest contributions to the Regal Pill Palace. He stood as the critical factor why the Regal Pill Palace was on par with the other great powers within the Myriad Domain.

Therefore, when it came down to Dan Chi versus Feng Beidou, there wasn’t much of a difference that one was from a fourth rank sect and the other a first rank sect. The proportion of resources that both received were precisely the opposite.

Feng Beidou shared the Sky Sect’s resources with countless others at the same level as him, the leftovers of those stronger than him.

Dan Chi, on the other hand, could use whatever he wished from the Regal Pill Palace.

Forefather Thousandleaf’s countenance was grave as he gazed at the endless skies.

Although nothing could be seen, his eyes never shifted away, not even for a moment.

His posture spoke volumes about his nervousness.

This match that they could not see would determine the fate of the Precious Tree Sect.

If Feng Beidou won, the the Precious Tree Sect would forever be relegated to being a Sky Sect vassal.

If Dan Chi won, then the Sky Sect would never interfere in the alliance between the Precious Tree Sect and the Regal Pill Palace.

These was two vastly different fates.

“Jiang Chen, who do you think will win this match?” At some unknown point, Lordmaster Ye Chonglou had started to view Jiang Chen as someone on a higher plane of existence, turning to him regularly for an opinion.

“Palace Head Dan Chi has at least a seventy to eighty chance of winning.” Jiang Chen had his own judgement.

Forefather Thousandleaf and Ye Chonglou looked at each other, the nervousness in their hearts abating slightly.

The two venerated origin realm cultivators couldn’t help but admire the calm in Jiang Chen’s demeanor.

Compared to his serene bearing, their mindset fell short by a wide margin.

When they looked at the location of the previous match and how only bloody fragments remained of Sunchaser, Thousandleaf and Ye Chonglou were both assailed with a mix of emotions.

That overweeningly dominant Sunchaser had been annihilated, just like that.

Although they had predicted that Jiang Chen would one day end his grudge with the Purple Sun Sect, they hadn’t thought that the day would come so quickly.

With Sunchaser’s demise, the Purple Sun Sect was utterly done for.

A beam of light streaked through the sky roughly two hours later. A brilliant arc was inscribed across the skies like a flash of lightning as it swiftly descended.

The gazes of those assembled hurriedly flicked over. It was Dan Chi!

The envoys from the Sky Sect seemed to receive some sort of silent summons at almost the same time. Their expressions all changed greatly as they hastily took their leave.

Folks with faster reactions immediately understood what had happened in the face of these events.

“Sage younger brother Dan Chi, it looks like congratulations are in order.” A sect heavyweight let out a long peal of laughter.

“Indeed, sage brother Dan Chi is a young ruler of great talent and bold vision in the Myriad Domain alright, to be able to defeat a Sky Sect tenth rank inspector. Congratulations and felicitations!”

Everyone walked up to offer their well wishes.

Although these words didn’t represent the true thoughts of their hearts, such was the situation they faced in front of them. No one would possibly dare erupt in open aggression with Dan Chi right now. They would keep faking it even if it was a sham.

Those of the Tristar Sect were all completely taken aback. As a side division of the Sky Sect, they were naturally stunned to see the sect’s envoy defeated by Dan Chi.

But to maintain their cover, their reactions couldn’t appear to be out of the ordinary. They could only pretend to remain calm and walk up to tender their congratulations.

Still, there was someone who couldn’t help but ask, “Sage younger brother Dan Chi, just how did the fight between you and Feng Beidou go?”

Everyone saw that Dan Chi was still neat and orderly, not a crease out of place on his clothing. It almost looked like he’d won with ease?

This was something that no one was able to accept.

Dan Chi could win, but if he’d done so so easily against a tenth rank Sky Sect envoy, that was an entirely different matter. That outcome was no good for any of them.

Even if he’d dogged the footsteps of the Sky Sect entering the Myriad Domain, Dan Chi was a hotly ambitious fellow. There would come a day in which he was the greatest threat in the Myriad Domain.

This was quickly approaching a situation where a tiger was denied the front door, but a wolf had slipped in through the back.

However, Dan Chi was someone of the Myriad Domain. No one could come up with any reason to kick him out.

Dan Chi laughed leisurely, a mysterious smile on his face. “Feng Beidou comes from the Sky Sect and his strength is no small thing. It was difficult to determine who was more superior between the two of us, so I had to rely on my glib tongue in the end to convince him to back out.”

No one believed this excuse.

However, Dan Chi offered no other response no matter how they asked.

He only continuously brought out fine wine to treat all of the guests.

Over on the other side, Jiang Chen had become the focus of all sorts of powers. It was only natural, he had made a magnificent showing in his match.

Countless geniuses kept coming up to toast him. Jiang Chen declined no one and offered the fullest courtesies to them.

However, he also noticed that those who came over to toast him were the disciples of second, or even third rate sects in the Myriad Domain.

The geniuses of the top sects were each more diffident than the last. They would only occasionally use a sort of measuring look to size up Jiang Chen.

Some held a hint of provocation in their eyes, while other gazes burned with the desire to incite something.

It was apparent that they didn’t plan on happily welcoming his sudden appearance in the Myriad Domain.

Jiang Chen didn’t care in the slightest.

The experiences of his two lifetimes had perfected his noncommittal attitude.

He wouldn’t purposefully curry favor with anyone, nor would he purposefully take a dislike to anyone.

Whether or not someone else liked or accepted him, it mattered not to Jiang Chen. He was well aware that there would be boundless scenery in the path of martial dao, and those who would cross paths with him weren’t that many.

Everything else was but illusions of smoke, not worth paying attention to.

The banquet lasted for a few more hours before ending.

The guests didn’t wish to spend too much time in a place like the Precious Tree Sect, and so all politely took their leave. 

Dan Chi suddenly started laughing loudly when all the guests had left. He rose and gazed upon the bright moon that had risen in the night sky.

“We see not the moon of ancient times, yet the moon of today has once shone upon those in ancient times. Since then, powerhouse cultivators have been as numerous as a school of silver carp moving downstream, yet how many have witnessed eternity? If those of my generation do not achieve the limitless dao, then we will one day become a mark in history as we sit drinking happily beneath this moon, destined to never keep it company. Jiang Chen, do you feel that eternity exists in the world of martial dao?”

Dan Chi suddenly felt an upwelling of emotion as he asked, gazing upon that bright crescent in the sky.

Dan Chi’s words had also triggered some of Jiang Chen’s emotions.

The moon hanging in the sky had shone upon countless years, generation upon generation, great waves washing away the sands. How many once unsurpassed experts had ultimately become a pile of white bones?

On the path of martial dao, if one couldn’t achieve eternity, it was all for naught no matter how much strength and power one possessed.

Sighing softly, Jiang Chen nodded decisively. “We seek immortality in our pursuit of martial dao. I firmly believe that if there is a peak to this path, then that peak will allow us to surpass reincarnation and obtain eternity.”

No one had more authority to speak on this matter than Jiang Chen.

This was because his past father, the Celestial Emperor, was one who had surpassed the cycle of reincarnation.

However, Jiang Chen had no clue as to whether his father was still alive after the cataclysm from the heavenly law.

But as the ultimate peak of martial dao, eternity surely did exist at the limits of the universe.

Jiang Chen had never doubted this.

Dan Chi laughed heartily upon seeing this steadfast determination. “Good! Great minds think alike. Jiang Chen, you are one of my Regal Pill Palace disciples from now on. Do you have any objections?”

“The sage one has committed such an earthshaking action for me. If I were to refuse, would that not be incredibly ungrateful? From henceforth, the Regal Pill Palace and Precious Tree Sect are both my sects.”

Jiang Chen didn’t have any lofty, stirring words, but this expression was more trustworthy than any promise.

Thousandleaf and Ye Chonglou both looked at each other, deeply gratified.