Prime Puresmoke’s words were enough to enlighten Jiang Chen that there was a connection between the Martial Sacred Land and the ancient Earth Bodhisattva Sect. It’d been one of the ten major sects, and the only one that specialized in formations.

The ten sects had once led the human race. As one of the ten, the Earth Bodhisattva Sect had also deployed their people to Myriad Abyss to join the offworld battles.

Since the coordinates of the Divine Abyss Continent had been exposed, the continent itself was vulnerable to outside invasion. Even though the coordinates would slowly be masked as the continent moved overtime, there was a pattern to the movement that remained unchanged.

After a certain amount of time, the coordinates would again be exposed to the offworld adventurers, making the continent easy prey.

There was no changing the continent’s fate, unless the heavenly axis deviated by a great margin, or a mighty figure used an earth-shattering technique to distort the rules the continent followed, thus completely changing its movement pattern.

Both were extremely unlikely, especially the latter. Even the oldest and most powerful cultivators of the heavenly planes didn’t necessarily possess such power.

To change a mortal plane’s rules was to change its destiny. Technique alone wasn’t enough. One also required fate and fortune to be on his side in order to achieve such a feat.

Even someone like the Celestial Emperor would attract tribulations if he violated the heavenly law.

If Jiang Chen’s father from his past life hadn’t refined the Sun Moon Pill to change his son’s fate, the Taiyuan Heavenly Plane wouldn’t have been hit by such a terrible cataclysm.

Jiang Chen didn’t yet understand what had happened at the time, but he had a feeling he was getting closer to an answer. He’d know the truth sooner or later. He only wished that he’d be prepared when the day came. Now wasn’t the time for him to dwell on the past.

Prime Puresmoke continued, “According to the ancient texts of the Martial Sacred Land, we are closely connected to the ancient Earth Bodhisattva Sect. You could even call them our predecessors.”

Delighted, Jiang Chen almost asked about the Great Formation of Heavenly Soul Confinement, but he was no longer a reckless young man who couldn’t control his urges. He had to exercise caution for a matter this grave.

“No wonder the sacred land has been able to maintain its status in Martial Divine Nation and the Ten Divine Nations at large for so long. It turns out you possess the heritage of the ancient Earth Bodhisattva Sect. That is incredibly impressive!” He was generous with his compliments.

Prime Puresmoke brightened visibly. It was quite an honor for the Martial Sacred Land to be praised by someone like Jiang Chen.

“Sir Jiang, this seat isn’t trying to make us look good when I say we’re among the top in Myriad Abyss when it comes to formations. The heritage we have from the Earth Bodhisattva Sect is no joke.”

Jiang Chen nodded. “I believe you. The base’s defenses are telling enough.”

Prime Puresmoke couldn’t be more proud of their heritage from the ancient sect.

“Sir Jiang, you mentioned the ancient demonic war. Have you studied the demons as well?” she asked suddenly.

Jiang Chen smiled wryly. “Humans in all parts of the world will face the demons sooner or later. Even Myriad Abyss is no exception. In order to defeat demons, it’s crucial to study the history of the ancient war.”

Prime Puresmoke was astonished. “I didn’t expect someone your age to look so far into the future. The Eternal Sacred Land has stumbled upon a real treasure. Even I envy your sacred land. If we had someone like you on our side as well, we wouldn’t have to worry about losing our base.”

“It’s unlikely for you to get to that point. However, the civil war is taking an unnecessary toll on the sacred land. We have to vanquish the uprising as soon as possible to minimize all damage.”

“Still, the rebels are many. It’s not easy to quickly eliminate them. The sacred land headquarters are still surrounded by the rebels. There’s no telling if we can end the siege.” Prime Puresmoke was deeply concerned. It pained her to witness the sacred land’s decline.

Jiang Chen couldn’t contain his curiosity. “Since the sacred land has received the heritage of the Earth Bodhisattva Sect, you should be second to none in formations. No matter how many rebels there are, they can’t possibly break through, can they?”

“That heritage isn’t helpful without a powerful heir to inherit it. The ten sacred lands have been facing the same problem lately, and that is a shortage of talent. The Martial Sacred Land is having an especially difficult time.”

The ten sacred lands had suffered too many casualties in the offworld battles, leading to a great demand for new talent.

However, Jiang Chen knew for a fact that a solid foundation wasn’t the only reason why the Earth Bodhisattva Sect had been powerful in the ancient times. There was something else that enabled the sect to overtake the Ancient Crimson Heavens Sect as the top formation sect - the Earth Bodhisattva Orb.

He had stumbled upon the orb years ago. It was the single most valuable item from the Earth Bodhisattva Sect, more so than any formation heritage. Many of the sect’s formations had been created with the orb in mind.

The orb had then gone missing. It would’ve stayed that way if Jiang Chen hadn’t found it and recovered its value. Without it, much of the sect’s heritage was useless.

“Prime Puresmoke, how does the Martial Sacred Land see the ancient Earth Bodhisattva Sect? Have you ever considered returning to the human domain to trace the origin of the sect?”

“The origin? Why would we? The ancient sect is no more. We’ve inherited their most important heritage and become its rightful owner.”

Jiang Chen chuckled, but his expression was disapproving.

His reaction didn’t escape Prime Puresmoke’s attention. “You don’t agree, do you?”

Jiang Chen smiled slightly. “I’ve read that most of the ancient sect’s heritage is useless without the sect treasure, the Earth Bodhisattva Orb.”

“You know about the orb?” Prime Puresmoke asked, surprised.

“I know a thing or two.” Jiang Chen naturally wasn’t going to admit the orb was on him.

“Sir Jiang is indeed knowledgeable. Unfortunately, the orb is missing. What we wouldn’t give to get our hands on the orb! If we had it, we’d not only be able to quell the rebellion, but even dominate Myriad Abyss. ”

Jiang Chen smiled. He’d never give them the orb. He valued the orb greatly, and he had yet to ascertain the orb’s true value.

However, he believed there must be much more to the orb for it to be considered the sect treasure. His progress in discovering the orb’s power was slow, the main reason being a missing piece he hadn’t acquired

—

the heritage of the Earth Bodhisattva Sect.

Only through combining the heritage and the orb could he tap into the full potential of both.

Nevertheless, the orb’s power to shift the earth was enough to impress Jiang Chen. What havoc would the orb be able to wreak once he mastered it?

His visit to the Martial Sacred Land was indeed worthwhile.

If he could find out more about the Great Formation of Heavenly Soul Confinement and how to reactivate it, he would be able to protect the human race by activating the formation in the human domain. When the demons invaded, the formation would shield humans from full brunt the impact and give them enough time to prepare for the upcoming war.

“You helped eliminate the rebellion in Eternal Divine Nation, Sir Jiang. Do you have any advice for us?” Prime Puresmoke didn’t find it shameful to ask the young man for help.

“You have to end the war swiftly with an unexpected attack. Take this battle for an example, if we hadn’t caught Forefather Goldenbell off guard and killed him, it wouldn’t have ended so soon.” 

Prime Puresmoke considered his words and came to the same conclusion.

“Forgive me for being blunt, Prime Puresmoke. If the fight drags on, things will only get worse. The rebels have lost a lot of their members in the fight to claim the spirit herb base, which struck a heavy blow to their morale. Once news gets out, the rebels may deploy more troops to attack the base.”

“That’ll be ideal. Another deployed here is one less attacking our headquarters. That’s the best we can do for the sacred land.”

Jiang Chen smiled slightly. “You have a point. However, the next troops are likely to be more powerful than the previous ones.”

“The rebels are powerful, but they can’t put part of their army to attack the base indefinitely. Forefather Goldenbell was one of their best commanders. His death took a great toll on them.”

“Would you be willing to work together, Prime Puresmoke?” Jiang Chen asked bluntly. He was tired of beating around the bush.

“Of course!” the prime agreed readily. “I hear you’ve contributed greatly to the Eternal Sacred Land’s victory. With your help, we’ll be able to turn things around as well!”