Chapter 516: Jiang Chen’s Amazing Arts

Shen Anyang grit his teeth and took out three thousand upper rank origin spirit stones, placing it on the table. 

Jiang Chen’s expression at the sight of the three thousand stones could only be compared to the merrily beaming face of a landlord or an old moneybags with eyes filled with treasure. “Very good! Shen Trifire, anyone willing to be a bearer of gifts is an honored guest of my residence. Tell me, shall we drink first or cut straight to the chase?”

The more relaxed Jiang Chen’s tone was, the greater Shen Anyang’s ire grew. 

This Jiang Chen looks too much like a poser. He’s just a foreign kid, and he’s only made it to the Sovereign Area through sheer luck. How dare he put himself on such a high pedestal in front of a member of the Sovereign Area’s old guard?

 This irked Shen Anyang to no end.

He felt that Jiang Chen was purposefully playing at being relaxed and putting on airs. This would only make sense if their roles were reversed! It’d always been the senior playing up his glory in front of the junior disciples; when had it ever been a junior strutting in front of a senior brother?

“Jiang Chen, I have no interest in drinking with you. Stop dilly-dallying around. I’m here today to do one thing, rip off that fake facade of yours and unmask this great con of the ages. Who would want to drink with you? Not to mention, who the hell are you?! Are you even worthy of me drinking with you?”

Jiang Chen laughed leisurely. “Well aren’t you spurning my good intentions, taking them for ill will? Well, I won’t hold it against you this time since you come so urgently to offer a lovely gift of money. So, how do you want to bet? Set down the terms.”

Shen Anyang had come prepared. He snorted coldly, “I wish to have contests of fire control, pill recipe, and pill refinement with you.”

“Use these three topics to determine the victor?”

“Yes, these three!” Shen Trifire’s tone was quite resolute, but he was sneering inside. These three topics were his strongest points in pill dao. He’d been prepared for Jiang Chen to try and negotiate, but Jiang Chen had unexpectedly accepted his suggestions without hesitation. Shen Trifire was absolutely delighted beyond measure.

Jiang Chen smiled. “This isn’t a ring for fire, so how do you propose we compete in fire control?” There were usually special rings used for competitions in controlling fire, and Jiang Chen hadn’t prepared this particular one for fire control.

Shen Trifire waved his hand and laughed. “That’s laughably easy. You and I are both pill masters, and there are many ways to compete in controlling fire. How about this, I’ll produce a cauldron and you and I can both deploy our arts. Whoever heats up the cauldron the fastest will be the winner.”

Preheating a cauldron was one of the steps of pill refining. It would prep a cauldron appropriately for all later steps. When the cauldron reached its optimal temperature, it would emit a resonance. When this sound appeared, it meant that the refiner had succeeded in successfully preheating the cauldron.

“Shen Trifire, you’re a Sovereign Area genius after all, do you have any self respect at all? Reaching out for a yard after being granted an inch just because my Brother Chen isn’t quibbling with you?! You’ve determined how the bet works, you’ve brought the cauldron, and you’ve set all the rules. Do you dare say that you’re not hiding any schemes in your heart?”

Shen Anyang was indeed plotting something. The cauldron he was going to bring out was one that he always used when he was pill refining. As such, he was intimately familiar with it, so preheating it was essentially child’s play. But it seemed he had quite a thick face, since he only snorted derisively when Mu Gaoqi revealed his schemes. “Mu Gaoqi, is this your ring? What nonsense are you blathering about? I’ll come challenge you whenever you have the balls to set up your ring!”

Mu Gaoqi opened his mouth to retort, but Jiang Chen interrupted first, “Gaoqi, take a break for now.”

Mu Gaoqi looked to Jiang Chen the most, and since Jiang Chen had told him to back down, he could only quietly walk to Jiang Chen’s rear. However, he still wore a look of contempt as he turned to Shen Anyang and clenched his right hand into a fist with his thumb pointing down.

In this world, this gesture was a complete dismissal of the other; an indication of the other’s utter helplessness. Shen Anyang was already feeling guilty, so although he was incensed by this gesture, he was unable to erupt in response.

“Shen Trifire, we can go with these rules out of consideration for your three thousand stones. Take out your cauldron.” Jiang Chen smiled faintly.

When it came to pill dao, whether it was Shen Trifire, Shen Qinghong or even an elder of the Herbal Hall, Jiang Chen still viewed all of them as nothing more than dirt. When Shen Anyang observed Jiang Chen’s arrogant attitude, he felt both humiliated and secretly joyful for his plan’s imminent success. 

He didn’t put on airs as he took out a cauldron, placing it on a stone plinth and pretending to speak very generously. “Jiang Chen, don’t accuse me of cheating later. You can inspect this cauldron first.”

The inner workings of the cauldron was clearly visible to Jiang Chen with a single sweep of God’s Eye. He clearly understood that it was a cauldron that Shen Trifire used often. A cauldron that a pill master was well acquainted with was as familiar as his own arms. When it came down to it, he could indeed be suspected of using trickery when his own cauldron was the competition’s focal point. But since Jiang Chen had dared to agree to the terms, he naturally thought nothing of Shen Trifire’s tiny advantage.

“You first or me?” Jiang Chen smiled faintly.