Chapter 363: Liu Wencai Undergoes a Complete Change

The three of them began to pour wine for each other and started chatting about all topics beneath the heavens. Finally, Fatty Lu asked to be excused when it was past midnight.

He could sense the beast blood and the immense aura emanating through the flask. This made his heart itch, and he couldn’t wait to go back earlier and refine it.

Jiang Chen smiled and sent Fatty Lu on his way.

Liu Wencai felt a bit awkward and smiled, “He’s always like this, so don’t think much of it Brother Boulder. He still has his principles when the situation calls for it and is worthy of a deeper friendship.”

Jiang Chen laughed heartily, “This is precisely what’s cute about him. Why would I blame him? Come, let’s keep drinking.”

The two returned to the yard and continued drinking.

When Fatty Lu had been present just now, Jiang Chen had not said anything lest he was someone who easily spilled the beans about his internal thoughts. Now that there was only Liu Wencai left, Jiang Chen said, “Wencai, this beast blood may be ten times more effective for you than it is for fatty. I’ve sparred with you for a few months and have sensed that there is still untapped power inside you. There is still potential that hasn’t been unlocked. You should refine this as soon as you go back; you’ll see unexpected gains from it. You may even be able to make it into the sky quadrant after three months.”

“What?” The light of surprise dawned in Liu Wencai’s eyes. It was already a legend that he’d made it into the top 100 from a ranking at the bottom of the earth quadrant.

Make it into the sky quadrant?

To be honest, Liu Wencai had never even thought about this. If Jiang Chen had remained within the earth quadrant and they could’ve sparred every day, then he might’ve had a bit of confidence in that claim.

But now that Brother Boulder was leaving, Liu Wencai was convinced that his rate of improvement would absolutely not be that swift in the future.

“Remember, don’t doubt your potential and don’t suspect this flask of beast blood. Right, let me gift you something else that might be able to become a very useful weapon for you.”

Jiang Chen took out another item that was as thick as a child’s arm. It was ivory in color and gave one a very noble feeling.

“This is a bone of the same beast the blood originates from. If you can request a strong weapons refiner to meld all sorts of divine patterns and formations into it, its battle strength will certainly be stunning. Even in its natural form right now, six or seven times refined spirit weapons are no match for it.”

A spirit weapon was just a spirit weapon in the end.

This bone had been taken from the body of the Redscaled Firelizard. Thus, the durability of a saint rank spirit creature was easy to imagine.

Liu Wencai studiously listened to everything Jiang Chen said. He accepted the spirit bone and toyed with it for a bit, sensing the enormous power within and its natural resonance with him. The strong spirit ripples it emitted created a formidable aura.

“This bone is something else alright.” Liu Wencai’s eyes lit up with brilliant light. “Brother Boulder, I’ve discovered that I owe you more and more. If I were a girl, I would’ve promised myself to you already to repay you for all you’ve done.”

Jiang Chen rolled his eyes, “Oh stop it!”

Liu Wencai chuckled, “Don’t be mad, don’t be mad. Come, let’s drink.”

The two of them drank to their heart’s content, with Liu Wencai finally taking his leave when the night was about to draw to a close. Jiang Chen walked him out as well and clapped his shoulder, “Remember, study the scroll when you go back.”

Liu Wencai found it odd that Jiang Chen was mentioning the scroll again. He nodded subconsciously, “Brother Boulder, I will see you again if fate permits.”

“I hope to see you in the sky quadrant in three months.” Jiang Chen said faintly.

Sky quadrant? A strong sense of confidence took root in Liu Wencai’s heart for the first time.

He bade Jiang Chen farewell and returned to his residence. Liu Wencai was in no hurry to refine the flask of blood and unfurled the scroll first.

“Mm? What’s this?”

Liu Wencai immediately discovered that the contents of this scroll wasn’t what he’d given Jiang Chen.

The scroll was the same, but the contents weren’t what they were before.

“This…” Liu Wencai’s eyes lit up. “These are reflections in the area of spirit beast taming. And! This has to do with refining beast blood, and…”

Liu Wencai was quite shocked when he took a closer look. He discovered that every sentence was exceedingly profound.

Even the most precious tomes of the Myriad Spirit Sect had content inferior to that inside this one scroll.

“Amazing, truly amazing!”

The more Liu Wencai read, the more he was astonished and wreathed in smiles. He discovered that he’d picked up a treasure! Even if forefather Ninelion had been the one to pick up the scroll and read it, he would likely still be speechlessly astonished.

“Just what kind of perverse existence is Brother Boulder to give me such a precious scroll? Is… is he the reincarnation of an omnipotent god?”

Liu Wencai’s hand was almost shaking in shock and excitement. He put the scroll away carefully in his storage ring.

“I’ll need at least a few decades to digest all the knowledge in this scroll. I need to treasure it well and not let it leak out at all. Otherwise, countless numbers of geniuses within the sect will set their sights on me, and perhaps even the heavyweights of the sect will try to pry it from my hands.”

Liu Wencai knew the value of the item in his hands. If it was claimed by the sect, it would absolutely become the treasure of the sect.

“Brother Boulder isn’t an ordinary person at all. I’m but a passing acquaintance of his and we’ve struck up a friendship, but he’s gifted me with such a treasure. I, Liu Wencai, must do well and not let him down!”

“Brother Boulder, three months! I will make it to the sky quadrant in three months and reconvene with you!” Liu Wencai had a sudden explosion of confidence.

He knew better than anyone that he’d met a man who’d changed his life.

He was also more aware than anyone else that, although Brother Boulder came from the ordinary world, he was destined to soar to the skies. Even the candidates in the sky quadrant might not be able to curb his rise!

Liu Wencai suddenly thought of his initial invitation to Jiang Chen in the mystic quadrant, and that Guo Ren from the Purple Sun Sect had also invited Jiang Chen.

Jiang Chen had mocked Guo Ren then that he was a frog at the bottom of a well, seeing only the sixteen kingdom alliance in his eyes and knowing only the four great sects.

It now looked like Brother Boulder had vast aspirations that had long since exceeded the boundaries of the sixteen kingdoms. He was considering problems from a higher vantage point.

“It looks like the four great sects are just Brother Boulder’s springboard. How laughable that Master Shuiyue was such a pathetic little character. With Brother Boulder’s stunning talent, is this something an old woman like her could hold back? I can already predict that in the moment Brother Boulder reveals his true colors, all of the geniuses of the four sects will look dim in comparison!”

“Mm, I must hurry up. Right, Brother Boulder reminded us several times that this blood isn’t ordinary. I trust that it’s no common item either.”

Liu Wencai could use the scroll to deduce that there was much to this flask of beast blood, and that bone than met the eye.

He felt that he’d changed from a poor little kid to a millionaire in the span of a second. He felt quite fulfilled and very excited.

When his thoughts traveled here, Liu Wencai took out the blood and began to refine it.

In the instant that the blood entered his body, however, Liu Wencai seemed to feel something collapse with a roar inside of him, and his entire body started howling like the waters bursting through a dam.

Crack crack crack.

Crisp sounds rang out from all over Liu Wencai’s bones.

And then—

Every single one of his bones, every single drop of blood, every inch of flesh and blood seemed to be smashed into pieces, reassembled, smashed again, and reassembled again.

“What… what’s going on?”

There seemed to have been a vault of energy inside Liu Wencai, and this vault was explosively opened all of a sudden in this moment.

All of his clothes exploded into tatters and fell to the ground. His taut and study muscles were all exposed to the outside air.

At this moment, numerous strange glyphs appeared over his skin. They were as thin as tadpoles, giving off an exceedingly mysterious feeling.

“Ah!!”

Liu Wencai emitted a dull roar reminiscent of a beast. His eyes appeared quite violent due to their bloodshot appearance.

“What… what kind of beast’s blood is this?” The thought flashed through Liu Wencai’s mind.

Refining beasts’ blood was an ordinary occurrence for cultivation in the Myriad Spirit Sect. But he’d never bumped into such a happening.

Bam!

Bam!

Bam!

The endless collisions finally slowed down. Liu Wencai laid prone on the ground, utterly exhausted and listless.

“Mm? Wait, the purity of my blood seems to have changed. There’s also a difference in my spirit ocean. How is this possible? How could my spirit ocean have become so clean all of a sudden? Where are all the impurities? The impurities within my blood are gone as well!”

This discovery made Liu Wencai spring up to a sitting position.

“How… how is this possible? A flask of beast blood could cast off my old self and completely change me? No, this wasn’t a rebirth. It just cleaned the impurities in my body. Right, I felt an enormous power awaken in my body just now. Can it be that the power in my body helped me turn into what is essentially a completely new person?”

“I remember Brother Boulder saying that some potential seemed to be hidden in my body. Can it be that this blood tapped into my latent potential?” Liu Wencai’s mind was a chaotic mess right now. He only knew that his potential wouldn’t lose out to those preeminent geniuses in his sect from now on.

Looking at the purity of his spirit ocean, it was practically ethereal!

Liu Wencai was awash in delight though he wasn’t able to explain this sudden change either. However, this was without a doubt a wondrous phenomenon. He knew that his potential had suddenly increased three to five times.

The nature of the wildness exuding from his body was also several times more potent than previously. The Myriad Spirit Sect always pursued the untamed beauty. This was needed to tame spirit creatures. In the Myriad Spirit Sect, wildness was an allure and a charisma, the symbol of strength and potential.

The wild nature within Liu Wencai had been perfectly released. There was an explosive presence to him now, a symbol of an extremely strong life force!