Chapter 210: The Goldbiter Rat King Compromises

The Goldbiter Rat King had actually been persuaded by Jiang Chen.

“Human, I admire you. You’re the first human to make me voluntarily call for a retreat. However, I hope that you can fulfill your promise.”

After saying this, the Goldbiter Rat King emitted three short, hasty whistles to the boundless sea of rats. This was the signal to retreat.

The Goldbiter Rats who received the signal all turned their heads and began to retreat.

Within the span of a few breaths, all the Rats that had been occupying the peak of the mountain had fully cleared out. When the humans looked again at this mountain slope again, there was no upright tree apart in the expanse of brown dirt across the slope.

“I only have a month here and now, there’s only less than half a month left. Either all of you leave with us, or I’ll pass all I know on to you within the span of this half month!”

The Goldbiter Rat King creased its brow. It understood a slight bit about the maze realm and knew that no humans survived here.

It was impossible for these humans who all came from the outside world to live here in the long run.

“Perhaps leaving this place is a good decision?” The Goldbiter Rat King thought. “I’ve long since heard that this is a closed off world that’s completely separated from the world outside. I’ve also heard that the world outside is very exciting with boundless resources, countless numbers of strong lifeforms, and all sorts of races. Perhaps, when I arrive in the outside world, I’ll find more clues related to the evolution of our bloodline?

“I choose to leave this place.” The Goldbiter Rat King decided.

“I obviously can’t take this many of you with me. What plans do you have?”

“This isn’t a problem. Our Goldbiter Rat race has a unique survival space called the Millionditch Stonenest. Each Stonenest can contain millions of our descendents. This Stonenest has to do with the secret arts of space and it’s one of our hereditary skills. Just like a beehive, those not of our race will be unable to comprehend it.”

“The Millonditch Stonenest? How big is one?” Jiang Chen seemed to remember that the Goldbiter Kingrat indeed possessed something called the Millionditch Stone, but he’d never paid attention to what that was. So it was a nest for the Goldbiter Rats?

“It can be big or it can be small. The smallest are the size of a fist, and the largest are the size of this rock.”

“The size of this rock?” Jiang Chen could not help but be rather impressed. Any race would have their own unique abilities. Something like this Millionditch Stonenest would be quite astonishing to humans.

Although these large rocks were the size of a large buffalo, in the end they weren’t very big at all. To be able to contain millions of Goldbiter Rats, this was quite rare.

“This Millionditch Stonenest has to do with the secret arts of space. There must be layers of interspaced levels within that use the secret arts of space to an incredible and exquisitely fine level. It looks like each race has their own admirable intelligence and incredible divine arts.”

But humans actually had this sort of divine arts as well. Take a space ring for instance, a small ring could be deployed for a great use to hide the heavens and hold the earth or be deployed for smaller reasons like storing people and items. Wasn’t this utilizing the secret arts of space as well?

At the end of the day, the actual theory behind the Stonenest was similar to the storage items that humans used.

It was just a different race, intellect, and method.

This tribe of Goldbiter Rats had roughly two to three billion members. Even if they were contained in Stonenests, several hundred would be needed. It was a good thing Jiang Chen’s space ring was spacious enough to hold them all.

However, no one could tell if it was a good thing or bad to take this nest of Goldbiter Rats away with him.

Jiang Chen and the Goldbiter Rat King discussed to have his tribe prepare themselves first before he picked them up. It was better to stay out of sight for something like this.

Otherwise, if his companions know that he’d brought two to three billion Goldbiter Rats out with him, it’d absolutely terrify everyone!

If word of this got out, it was likely that all the kings of all sixteen neighboring kingdoms would find it difficult to eat and sleep.

This was definitely more frightening than the Goldwing Swordbird army.

Although there were great numbers of Goldwing Swordbirds, they weren’t to this terrifying level.

In addition, the raw destructive power of the Goldbiter Rats exceeded that of the Swordbird army. The Goldbiter Rat King in particular was equivalent to the later portion of the human spirit realm, which made it part of the sky spirit realm. That also meant that its cultivation was not too far away from spirit king.

However, when had the race of the Goldbiter Rats fought solo battles?

When they saw the tides of Goldbiter Rats actually retreat in front of their eyes, Ye Rong and the others all had a dazed sense of surrealism. They almost suspected that what had happened earlier was just a bad dream.

However, when they looked at the ground where the Goldbiter Rats had rolled over, where every inch had been completed devastated, they had to believe that the tide of Goldbiter Rats had indeed passed by just now.

Hoo!

It felt good to escape from the jaws of death!

When Dan Fei saw a shadow of a smile appear on Jiang Chen’s face, she walked over in curiosity, “Jiang Chen, you actually convinced the Goldbiter Rat King to retreat?”

“How did you do it?” Dan Fei was truly curious.

Jiang Chen smiled, “I happened to understand a bit of the beast language and randomly chatted with it a bit. We got to know each other after some back and forth. It’s looking for the enemies who killed its descendents so I said it had nothing to do with us. They seemed to use a special method to investigate that we really weren’t the ones, and so they left.”

These words were half true and half false making Dan Fei unsure whether or not to believe them.

She suddenly remembered something and rebutted, “If they knew how to investigate, then they should’ve figured out that it wasn’t Ye Dai and the others. Why were they swallowed whole?”

“Too bad they didn’t understand the beast language? This is the disadvantage of not being cultured.” Jiang Chen was in a great mood. Although he hadn’t killed Ye Dai and the others, their crimes were inexpiable and they were destined to be unable to escape this disaster.

Ye Rong was in an equally good mood.

It was a good feeling to be able to escape from death, but because Ye Dai was well and truly dead this time, he naturally had reason to be happy.

When brothers had progressed to this point, there was no brotherly affection left. Only unceasing conflict to death remained.

Ye Dai was so, as was Ye Rong.

“Fourth prince, wait here a moment for me. I’m going to make a trip to that mountain valley. I seem to remember that there were some spirit ingredients there. We left in such a hurry that I didn’t pick them.”

Jiang Chen found an excuse and quickly left Ye Rong and the others behind.

He naturally left to pick up the Goldbiter Rats. He’d be able to take them out of here as soon as they entered the Millionditch Stonenests and were stored in his space ring.

When he arrived at the mountain valley they had agreed upon, the Goldbiter Rat King had already been waiting there for a long while.

“Ready?”

“Ready!” The Goldbiter Rat King sighed. “Human, I’m handing over the fate of the entire tribe to you. I don’t know if this is the right decision or a stupid mistake. I hope you haven’t lied to me!”

“If you don’t want to go with us, I can pass on my secrets to you. Of course, I don’t understand much and I can’t guarantee that it’ll be useful for you guys.”

“Say no more, I’ve already decided to go with you. This world is sealed off and has no future at all. I’ve heard that the outside world is vast and endless. Now that’s heaven.”

“Where there’s heaven, there’s also hell. Don’t glorify the outside world.” Jiang Chen smiled.

“As long as you haven’t lied to us, I won’t blame you even if my tribe is destroyed by a superior power after we leave. This is my choice, and also a decision that I’ve had to make for the tribe.”

Having said that, the Goldbiter Rat King also entered the Stonenest.

Jiang Chen put away the Stonenest with the fastest speed possible and also took the opportunity to walk around the valley and collect a few spirit ingredients to convince the others before finally turning back afterwards.

“Let’s go!” Jiang Chen called out when he saw Dan Fei and the others. The group set off again.

When they passed by the bones of Ye Dai and the others, Ye Rong stopped and said to the two personal guards, “We came in empty handed, but we can’t very well leave that way. Ye Dai has oppressed me since small, but he’s dead now and should still be buried someplace. Find a place and bury them.”

Even though the word he used was bury, there really wasn’t much to bury at all. There were only a few bits of bone remaining that were difficult to identify.

The two personal guards collected them all and just buried them all together.

At this moment, even the bones had been nibbled away at so that only shards were left. There was naturally no personal belongings left. Taking a step back, even if there were personal belongings remaining, the group wouldn’t pick them up either.

The group walked out of this area and arrived in a vast expanse of space. There was no destruction from the tide of rats in this area.

As soon as they walked into the safe zone, they saw that there was another team in front of them. When the team in front of them saw Jiang Chen and the others walk out, their faces all filled with shock.

“Ye Qiao!” Fourth prince Ye Rong was the first to discover that this team did indeed belong to Ye Qiao’s men.

“Number four?” Ye Qiao was sitting on a piece of green rock. When he saw Ye Rong’s team from a distance, his face displayed an interesting interplay of expressions.

His jaw was so agape that one could shove a large egg into it. He would never have thought that someone would be able to make it out alive from a place where the Goldbiter Rats had rampaged over!

“Second brother, this is a bit of a coincidence.” Ye Rong quickly suppressed the fires of anger within his heart and made a greeting with a small smile.

Ye Qiao was also wreathed in forced smiles as he quickly walked up, his pair of eyes looking Ye Rong up and down. When he saw that Ye Rong was absolutely clean and didn’t look as though he’d been in a fight. He was completely befuddled.

One wouldn’t be this clean even if they went on vacation!

Had Ye Rong not run into Ye Dai’s team? That wasn’t right. The scouts had reported back that Ye Dai’s group had entered the mountain valley, just a step behind Ye Rong’s team.

There was no exit from the valley. The two teams were bound to meet in unavoidable confrontation.

Even if they hadn’t erupted in conflict and settled things peacefully, how could the boundless tide of rats let them go?

It was completely impossible for Ye Qiao to believe that they escaped from the tide of rats. The power and momentum of the rats would have killed even a team ten times stronger, not to mention these guys!

“Second brother, what are you looking at me this way for? Why do I feel like you think it’s odd to see me? Should I not be appearing here?” Ye Rong asked, his words full of double entendre.

“Haha, how can that be? why would that be so?” Ye Qiao laughed heartily. “It’s just that I see that you look so clean. Those who didn’t know better would think you’ve come here on vacation. Have you not killed any spirit creatures?”

“Mm, second brother, you look quite carefree as well. Are you sitting here admiring the scenery? Or are you waiting for some news?” Ye Rong asked with a faint smile.

Ye Qiao started. Does this kid know something?

However, Ye Qiao immediately rejected this notion. He’d conducted things in complete secrecy this time. Ye Rong was in the mountain valley and couldn’t possibly have known.

“I happened to be passing by and was reorganizing my team. To think that I would run into you, number four. Oh right, have you seen our big brother after you’ve come here?”

“Second brother, haven’t you never gotten along with our big brother? Why are you asking after him?”

Ye Qiao smiled lamely, “What kind of overnight grudge exists between brothers? Oh right, number four, when I was about to enter, I heard the people inside say that there was a frightening tide of rats that had erupted inside. Were the rumors false?”

Ye Qiao still couldn’t help but probe Ye Rong. He didn’t suspect at all that Ye Rong already knew of the connection between him and the tide of rats and so he kept asking him.

Ye Rong decided to play dumb to the end, “Tide of rats? What tide of rats? There were just a few golden colored rats. Second brother, you exaggerate.”

“Oh, then it’s second brother who’s gotten it wrong.” Ye Qiao didn’t want to accept it, but given how Ye Rong was acting, he knew that he likely wouldn’t be able to get anything of use out of the latter.