Chapter 826: Provocation from Pillfire City

The Peafowl Gathering was now concluded, and the participating clans were about to depart. However, the Coiling Dragon clan lord and Jiang Chen were given a new command -  to stay. No one else had this honor, not even young master Ji San. All of the clan lords were bewildered by this turn of events. Since when had this Pill King Zhen become more important than them? Especially someone who’d popped up out of nowhere. That the Coiling Dragon clan lord was able to stay was at least somewhat understandable. He was the lord of the foremost clan, after all. This Pill King Zhen, on the other hand—even if he had obtained the emperor’s grace, surely that wouldn’t correspond with a rise in his position? 

What was up with this sudden promotion? Did he now outrank them in importance? Though they didn’t understand, they didn’t dare defy His Majesty’s orders nor resent him.  Their time with Emperor Peafowl had taught them well of his tendencies. His Majesty's decisions  always had a good motive  behind them. There had to be a reason as to why His Majesty had sent them away while allowing Pill King Zhen to stay. They were also somewhat curious about the message in the glyph. Why had it caused Emperor Peafowl’s face to darken ? The people departed with a bellyful of questions, no different from the two who remained  behind.

Emperor Peafowl looked meaningfully at Jiang Chen, his lips curving into  a faint smile, "Pill King Zhen, more trouble has come to us."

Trouble?

 Jiang Chen did a double take. 

Is there really a need to tell me that?

 

Am I supposed to solve all of Sacred Peafowl Mountain's problems for you? 

The Coiling Dragon clan lord was also very curious, but refrained from immediately voicing his questions given Emperor Peafowl's stance. Despite their uncertainty, the four monarchs present similarly stayed silent, choosing instead to cast strange glances at Jiang Chen.  Evidently, they too wanted to know what was so unique about this Pill King Zhen. Why did His Majesty value the young man so much? What did that glyph have to do with him?

"Forgive my slowness, Your Majesty." Jiang Chen smiled wryly.

"It’s news related to the Longevity Pill you presented. There's a rumor circulating in Pillfire City that the Longevity Pill actually belongs to them. They say that those of us from  Veluriyam Capital have stolen their concept. The rumor has spread like wildfire within their private circles,  and though it hasn’t  been publicly declared yet, that day is not far off."

Pillfire City? Jiang Chen was no stranger to the name. It was where Mu Gaoqi and Elder Yun Nie had been sold to by slavers.  He’d found out about the faction back when he’d interrogated the Myriad Puppets Pavilion’s Shopkeeper Li about Mu Gaoqi’s whereabouts.

If there was any faction in the Upper Eight Regions that Veluriyam Capital had scruples about, it would be Pillfire City. In terms of absolute martial strength, it was unlikely that Pillfire City surpassed Veluriyam. However, with respect to pills, Pillfire City undoubtedly held the upper hand. 

Within  the Upper Eight Regions and even within the entire human domain, Pillfire City amassed over seventy percent of the profits in the pill industry. As a leading force in the business, countless pill factions rallied beneath Pillfire City’s banner. They had branch stores and regional headquarters in various cities and territories. Anywhere a pill faction existed, one could also find Pillfire City.  

Yet, Veluriyam Capital was an exception to that rule. The capital’s pill business was held entirely in its own hands, as was that of its surrounding territories. Besides Veluriyam Capital and its neighbors, the remaining lands had their respective pill industries essentially monopolized by Pillfire City and its associated factions. Insignificant locales and minor factions aside, of course, as Pillfire City had no interest in them. As for everywhere  they 

did 

have interest in, it was virtually impossible to shake off their shadowy influence. In terms of pill-related influence, Pillfire City could exert far more of it than Veluriyam Capital.

In the human domain, Veluriyam Capital could at most claim ten or twenty percent of the market share and power.  Pillfire City, on the other hand, could claim  more than three times that on its worst day. The difference between them was quite marked. Although  Veluriyam Capital had undertaken numerous efforts over the years, having trained  many pill kings and genius pill masters,  they had not been able to close the gap in face of Pillfire City’s  strong foundation. Thus, the faces of the Coiling Dragon clan lord and the four monarchs instantly darkened  at the rival city’s name.

“Pillfire City?” Cloudsoar Monarch furrowed his brow. “Can they not bear to see even the slightest sign of growth from us? Is suppressing any and all of our attempts their agenda?”

“Your Majesty, don’t you think they’re going too far? We can’t let them bully us like this.” Chronobalance Monarch’s fiery temper had been roused.

Wildfox Monarch’s eyes glittered with insight as he focused his gaze on Jiang Chen. “Pill King Zhen, you were the one to submit the Longevity Pill recipe. Did your teacher tell you how many factions in the world knew how to refine it?”

The others looked at Jiang Chen with curiosity as well. He was completely calm about the whole matter, his tone sanguine, “‘The Longevity Pill is an exclusive recipe, and no one else in the human domain can possibly know how to refine it.’ These words came directly from my master’s mouth.” 

“Is your master that sure?”

“I don’t know exactly how sure he was, but I know my teacher well. I don’t think any pill expert in the human domain could even compete with him. Thus, I have complete faith in his wisdom.” Jiang Chen couldn’t say that the Longevity Pill was a product of the heavenly planes, or that it was impossible for anyone from  the Divine Abyss Continent to know how to refine it. But it didn’t even require his toes for him to guess that  the Eternal Celestial Capital had to be responsible for Pillfire City’s sudden intervention. They knew that they could not beat Veluriyam Capital when the latter announced their copyright over the Longevity Pill. Having understood this,  they’d changed tactics, turning instead to  cooperation with Pillfire City.

Jiang Chen hadn’t seen the exact proceedings, but he was almost certain that this was the truth of the matter. The raw sensibility of his  logic was almost as good as seeing things first hand. There was little need to suspect that something else was at play.

The gathered crowd had mixed reactions at Jiang Chen’s confidence. Neither Emperor Peafowl nor the Coiling Dragon clan lord questioned Jiang Chen’s veracity. Cloudsoar Monarch wasn’t particularly suspicious either. The other three monarchs, on the other hand,  had varying degrees of doubt. Perhaps this Pill King Zhen was over-exaggerating a little. Maybe the Longevity Pill wasn’t exclusive after all, and Pillfire City had seen the recipe for it from somewhere. 

The skepticism in the monarchs’ eyes did not go unnoticed, and Jiang Chen wasn’t exactly pleased to see it. “The Longevity Pill’s exclusivity is unambiguous,” he began softly. “But if you seniors don’t have the courage to compete with Pillfire City and are fine with giving it up, then I won’t comment on the decision.” Jiang Chen took a breath, his tone hardening.  “However, what belongs to me cannot be taken away by force. Even if they can do so now, I will make them pay up one day with interest.”

It wasn’t an idle boast; he was entirely serious. He was sick and tired of the Longevity Pill being abused  by others. The Eternal Celestial Capital, the Majestic Clan, and now Pillfire City… they all treated the Longevity Pill as a mere tool to stir up chaos in order to gain an advantage. How could he not be upset?

The three unsure monarchs were astonished by Jiang Chen’s rigidity.  There was even a hint of anger on their faces. 

No matter how much His Majesty appreciates you, shouldn’t you still respect your seniors?

However, Jiang Chen had no intention of retracting his statement. He raised a cupped fist salute to Emperor Peafowl. “Your Majesty, the Longevity Pill was first taught by my master to the head of Regal Pill Palace in the Myriad Domain. When the sect fell, the recipe was snatched away by the Eternal Celestial Capital. The Longevity Pill that Pillfire City currently possesses  is merely their unjust offering, created  after Sacred Peafowl Mountain’s announcement. There was no way the Eternal Celestial Capital had a chance against Veluriyam Capital, so they turned to Pillfire City for support instead. In the pill world, Pillfire City is accustomed to great gravitas. Their authority has remained unchallenged for a long time. It would be strange if they were not worried about Veluriyam Capital’s claim to the Longevity Pill!”

His  speech removed the anger from the monarchs’ faces, replacing it with the shock of realization. They hadn’t thought about that aspect. They were only concerned with their own misgivings about Pill King Zhen and hadn’t considered  Pillfire City’s potential malice. Sacred Peafowl Mountain’s acquisition of the Longevity Pill recipe was an opportunity for rapid growth and the realization of great ambition. As the current tyrant of the pill world, how could Pillfire City simply let a potential  competitor rise unchecked? How could they allow their dominion to face such a severe threat? 

Emperor Peafowl nodded admiringly. He had understood the rationale behind  Jiang Chen’s words all along, but he hadn’t thought the youth would have a vision that greatly exceeded  his station. Jiang Chen had pierced through the smoke and mirrors of the situation and reached  the core of the issue. The emperor had already previously found Jiang Chen’s talent commendable, but this display of broad contextual awareness served to further elevate the youth in his mind.  Smiling faintly, Emperor Peafowl probed further, “Then, Pill King Zhen, do you have any stratagems to counter this?”

Jiang Chen knew this question was a test  and took some time to consider his answer. “Well, I have three stratagems – best, better, worse.”

“Oh?” The emperor laughed in spite of himself. “I haven’t even fleshed out one, but you have three already?”

“The worse stratagem is to fight it out with Pillfire City on a military level, using the logic of might makes right. In terms of strength, Pillfire City cannot edge out Veluriyam Capital so easily. However, in terms of influence in the pill world, they have the advantage, which might cause future complications. Therefore, this is the worst of the stratagems.

“The better stratagem is to ignore them entirely. They can produce their pills, and we can produce ours. Let us speak  purely in terms of production volume - as  long as we do not lose to them in terms of quality, they can complain all they like. In these matters, each side has their own version of the events that transpired , and it is difficult for observers to discern the truth. If Pillfire City really did own the Longevity Pill, where was it prior to now? Considering this, their claims don’t really hold  much factual basis.”

Everyone nodded at Jiang Chen’s analysis, including the three monarchs who had doubted him. The words he had spoken thus far were quite reasonable.

Up to 25 advance chapters on Patreon!