Chapter 455: A Fight Between Earth Sage Realm Experts, Golden Lotuses Surge

The heavyweights of the Myriad Domain sects continuously sent hidden messages to their sect geniuses, explaining some of the key points of this battle. 

The first rate sects had all brought their premier geniuses this time. Although they were quite a ways away from the sage realm, they had witnessed many things, including matches between sage realm experts thanks to being born in the great sects.

They naturally comprehended much thanks to the analysis of their sects’ powerhouses. 

As for the young geniuses of second and third rate powers, their potential was a bit worse to begin with, as were their comprehension abilities. Add to that the strength of their sects’ experts being far weaker than that of the first rate sects, it was obvious that their explanations were much more crude.

Only Jiang Chen had no need for a running commentary.

Dan Chi didn’t seem inclined to pay him any attention either. Rather, he leisurely watched the match with a faint smile on his face.

Dan Chi had quite a stratagem up his sleeve at the moment.

Whether Xuan Zhen won or lost, neither outcome would affect his dao heart.

In fact, Dan Chi rather wished that Xuan Zhen wouldn’t win, so that he would have the opportunity to fight Feng Beidou.

Dan Chi deeply yearned for this battle.

He craved the challenge of facing off with a tenth rank inspector from the Sky Sect. This fight would be the one that spread his name throughout the Myriad Domain.

Suddenly, Dan Chi glanced aside, in Jiang Chen’s direction.

He noticed Jiang Chen was watching with great interest, without missing the slightest detail from the ring. Furthermore, contemplation and theorization shone in his eyes as the fight progressed.

“Mm?” Dan Chi found this interesting. “Jiang Chen seems to be scrutinizing a match between the sage realm. Could it be that he sees through it?”

Dan Chi found this incredible. 

He looked again at the origin realm cultivators around him. Although they were all watching intently, the look swirling in their eyes indicated that they only understood parts of this match.

However, Dan Chi saw traces of something else in Jiang Chen.

“Astounding, simply astounding. If it wasn’t for tangible evidence, I would never believe that this genius is only twenty years old. Just what kind of feng shui does the Eastern Kingdom boast to have cultivated this kind of genius?”

Dan Chi was quite curious about Jiang Chen at this moment. 

“The mysterious elder repeatedly reminded me me to pay attention to Jiang Chen. It seems like he must be a genius who the mysterious elder has personally raised and is fated to rise in the Myriad Domain.”

Dan Chi recalled Elder Shun and although the latter had never told Dan Chi his name, the mysterious senior had long-since possessed the status of a deity in Dan Chi’s heart.

Seven days worth of pointers from Elder Shun had been equivalent to more than ten years worth of effort and accumulation of knowledge from Dan Chi.

Pointers at his stage of cultivation were something that no legacy or pills were able to help him with.

It was just like how one saw vastly different scenery and worldview from a thousand meters compared to form ten thousand meters.

Increasing his martial dao cultivation was one thing, but most importantly was that Elder Shun’s pointers had improved his knowledge of martial dao.

Dan Chi couldn’t help but speculate when he looked at Jiang Chen, “Jiang Chen must have an inexplicable relationship with the mysterious senior. The senior must be a reclusive expert from the Upper Eight Regions. He might even be an ‘emperor realm’ cultivator!”

The emperor realm followed after the sage realm.

Those at the peak of the emperor realm were hailed as a Great Emperor.

Great Emperors were the pinnacle of existence in the entire Divine Abyss Continent.

Those characters almost never ventured out. If they did, a mere stomp of their foot was enough to shake the entire Continent.

From Dan Chi’s understanding of the Continent, the Upper Eight Regions were the highest existence.

Even he had only vague knowledge of the even more mysterious places beyond it. He heard of them occasionally, but didn’t know what was true or false.

“Even if that mysterious senior isn’t a Great Emperor, he is surely at the peak of the emperor realm. That I, Dan Chi, could receive seven days worth of pointers from him is three lives worth of good fortune. If Jiang Chen is the personal disciple of that senior, then his future is limitless! However, I wonder why the senior has left him in the Myriad Domain. There must be a covert reason behind this. Since the senior wishes to act through my Regal Pill Palace, then I cannot shirk from this responsibility. Not only is this my chance, it is an opportunity for the Regal Pill Palace!”

Dan Chi had long-since revered Elder Shun as a deity, and was treating Elder Shun’s words as infallible law.

Suddenly, a thought struck Dan Chi as he subtly shifted to Jiang Chen. He smiled faintly, “Young friend Jiang Chen, I am Dan Chi, the Palace Head of the Regal Pill Palace.”

A light winked through Jiang Chen’s eyes when he saw Dan Chi.

“Jiang Chen greets Sage Dan Chi.”

“Haha, no need to stand on ceremony. Everyone has been belittling, slandering and suspecting me. Or even thinking that I’ve gone mad for allying with the Precious Tree Sect. But from now on, they will envy, admire, or even hate that I’ve picked up a treasure.”

Jiang Chen smiled faintly. “Sage Dan Chi is no ordinary person and thus does no ordinary actions.”

No ordinary person and thus does no ordinary actions.

This proclaimation greatly pleased Dan Chi and he became wreathed in smiles. He looked upon Jiang Chen with a great deal more favor after these words, and he vaguely felt that someone who understood him stood in front of him.

Dan Chi had always had a unique style of doing things. He never followed protocol and often strayed from the established way.

His methods were completely embodied by Jiang Chen’s words.

Indeed, he was no ordinary person, so his actions were often unexpected and therefore extraordinary in the eyes of outsiders.

“Good, good!” Dan Chi lauded. “Jiang Chen, I have only one thing to say, and that’s that the doors of the Regal Pill Palace are always open to you. Of the talents in the younger generation that I know, if you ranked second, no one would dare rank first.”

This was an exceedingly high compliment.

Jiang Chen didn’t attempt to humbly decline the compliment as he smiled openly and then looked to the ring again.

“Jiang Chen, what do you think of this match?”

“Every move and technique of those in the sage realm are profound and trigger reactions in heaven and earth. Vice Head Xuan Zhen does not have a high chance of winning this match.”

Jiang Chen spoke candidly.

Dan Chi also laughed heartily. “My compliments! Few origin realm cultivators could have the same foresight as you. Jiang Chen, even if I were to place you in the rankings of the Myriad Domain geniuses right now, you would absolutely make it into the top thirty.”

“Top thirty?” Jiang Chen chuckled. ‘It looks like there is much motivation for me to train well.”

Top thirty?

This wasn’t the ranking that Jiang Chen wanted.

Even top ten or five wasn’t the ranking that Jiang Chen wanted, much less top thirty.

What he desired was always that highest position. If he didn’t climb to the peak of the Divine Abyss Continent, then to him that meant he hadn’t succeeded.

The son of the Celestial Emperor, a million years in his past life. If he couldn’t reach the top of a continent in a single plane of existence with these advantages, then he would’ve truly and thoroughly failed.

The situation in the ring changed as they spoke.

A loud explosion rang out.

Xuan Zhen and Hua Qianli had slammed their palms together more than a dozen times as their figures flashed to and fro. Xuan Zhen took a few steps backwards, with Hua Qianli retreating a dozen steps as well.

Xuan Zhen clutched his chest with an ashen face and sighed bitterly, “Palace Head, your subordinate is incompetent.”

Although Hua Qianli had won, it had been a hard-fought victory.

“Master Feng, your subordinate was lucky enough to not fail his mission.” Hua Qianli raised his hands in a cupped-fist salute, when suddenly both combatants simultaneously opened their mouths and spat out a mouthful of blood.

Although Hua Qianli had achieved a hard-fought victory, he’d paid the price with a mouthful of blood.

Feng Beidou nodded slightly, but he actually felt extremely awkward.

He even wished that Hua Qianli had lost in that moment. That way, he wouldn’t have to take the field.

Even when he returned to the Sky Sect, he could’ve pointed Hua Qianli and Sunchaser as the ones responsible.

But now with Hua Qianli’s victory, he had to take the field as well.

Unfortunately, Dan Chi completely dictated the mood of their match. Feng Beidou had been adjusting his mentality during the previous fight, but the crack that had appeared in his heart had yet to mend.

He knew that as long as this crack didn’t heal, he would have a slim chance of winning in a fight against Dan Chi. 

Dan Chi, on the other hand, obviously planned on not giving Fei Beidou a single chance. He barked out in laughter, “Envoy Feng, it looks like our match is unavoidable. Whether it’s your Sky Sect securing a position in the sixteen kingdoms alliance, or my Regal Pill Palace successfully allying with the Precious Tree Sect, the winner of our match will determine the outcome!”

Dan Chi had a grand presence to him as he circulated his qi while he spoke, golden light flaring out behind him and soaring to the clouds. Sage realm qi currents continuously flowed out of him to form golden lotuses as he took each step.

“Golden lotuses surging out of the earth!”

“There’s golden lotuses! He’s an earth sage realm expert alright!”

Three flowers over one’s head was the sign of the mortal sage realm, whereas golden lotuses was the hallmark symbol of an earth sage realm cultivator.

Suddenly, the golden currents lifted Dan Chi’s body upwards as he shot into the sky in a beam of light.

“Feng Beidou, although we’re not of the sky sage realm, our cultivation has reached the high enough to fight in the air. The Precious Tree Sect territory is small and likely will not hold up beneath our movements. Why don’t we fight in the air for our match. Are you brave enough to take the challenge?”

Sage realm cultivators could fly through the air through their own arts.

When they reached sky sage realm, it was as if they’d grown wings and possessed full freedom of movement.

Although Feng Beidou and Dan Chi were of the earth sage realm, they too had certain capability to fly through the air. Although they wouldn’t be as carefree as those in the sky sage realm, they could still fly smoothly via certain arts.

Everyone was taken aback by Dan Chi’s proposal.

It wasn’t that no one fought in the skies, but that this was usually done through steeds.

Actual aerial combat between cultivators alone was quite rare.

It was an impossible sight in the sixteen kingdoms.

Blood thrummed through Jiang Chen’s veins and adrenaline surged as he watched Dan Chi rise into the air in a column of golden colored light.

“Sage realm cultivators can fly through the air. It looks like I still have a long path to walk until I reach that step!”

Jiang Chen sighed, full of anticipation for the sage realm.