Chapter 346: Raging Tide of Flames? Too Weak!

The two had already exchanged multiple blows amidst their words.

Ouyang Jian maintained a rock-solid look on the surface, but he was still stunned beyond belief in his heart. Just now he’d attempted to create a certain atmosphere and pull his opponent into his tempo.

But judging from the other’s noncommittal attitude, his efforts had been in vain.

“This country animal does indeed have a few tricks up his sleeve. No wonder Guo Ren had been frightened into forming an internal demon.” Ouyang Jian slightly improved his opinion of Jiang Chen. “However, meeting me on this ring of fire means that he can only lament his bad luck!”

Ouyang Jian suddenly glared with both eyes as he shook his arms once. The ring turned into an ocean of flames as countless waves of fire set the surroundings ablaze like a hungering beast from ancient times.

“Kid, you’re my prey in this ring of fire, hahaha…” Ouyang Jian made a grasping motion with his right hand and a long broadsword shimmered in and out of existence on his arm, similar to a python entangling itself on his arm.

“That is the Fire Python Sword!” The Purple Sun Sect disciples cried out in surprise beneath the ring.

“Tsk tsk, Ouyang Jian has finally successfully refined the Fire Python Sword. He’s just like a fish in water now and will surely claim the limelight in the earth quadrant!”

“When it comes down to it, this secular kid was truly unlucky to come into the hands of Ouyang Jian, and force him to use the Fire Python Sword in the ring of fire.”

“Indeed, refining the Fire Python Sword means that his strength will double at the very least. Add to that the advantages the ring of fire confers, I’m afraid that even the top-ranked in the earth quadrant will find it difficult to triumph over Ouyang Jian under such circumstances.”

This wasn’t exaggeration. Every cultivator had different talents.

This ring of fire was an advantage for Ouyang Jian, but torture for cultivators with ordinary potential in the fire attribute.

“Haha, that kid is about to be done for. This is the Raging Tide of Flames that Ouyang Jian has created using the ring of fire. He’s been surrounded by it, and will be cooked to death even if Ouyang Jian doesn’t make another move.”

“This is what happens to those who go against my Purple Sun Sect, die!”

“Damn straight! Kill anyone who besmirches the dignity of my sect!”

“Freaking hell, I’d thought I couldn’t bear the sight of Ouyang Jian before, but this kid doesn’t look that much of an asshole anymore!”

The Purple Sun Sect disciples beneath the stage were all fervent and enthused. They naturally felt great boost to their face when another one of their sect was flaunting his prowess in the ring.

Jiang Chen held his ground, as if meditating. The fiercely burning flames seemed but an illusion in his eyes. No trace of panic or dismay could be found neither on his being or face.

Ouyang Jian’s eyes widened slightly as he sent out a red-hot splendor, calling out, “Kid, you only have the right to be my opponent if you can hold out for fifteen minutes in the face of my Raging Tide of Flames!”

Ouyang Jian formed a hand seal as the Fire Python Sword continued to dance in his hand, directing the seething current around him to gather from all-around and continuously advance on Jiang Chen, encircling him.

The Purple Sun Sect disciples stirred below the elevated ring. They knew that the highlight of the show had arrived!

Once the raging flames surrounded an opponent, then the only thing left from the hellfire would be destruction, unparalleled torture torture and death!

Ouyang Jian’s expression twisted, all was within his grasp!

The strong flames surged towards Jiang Chen from all directions of the stage. The balls of fire seemed to have their own life of their own as they closed in on their prey like vicious beasts.

Yet Jiang Chen remained as firm as a mountain. The expression on his face didn’t flicker and his lashes didn’t even bat.

“This kid is putting on airs and pretending to be calm. Does he intend to hop out of the circle in the instant that the spirit fires surround him? Huh! Who can jump out once they’ve been surrounded by my Raging Tide of Flames? The flames are as roaring waves, each interlinking with the next. No matter where he jumps to, he’ll be unable to evade the onslaught!”

A victorious smile had almost appeared on Ouyang Jian’s face.

“Die, kid!” Ouyang Jian’s Fire Python Sword increased its speed, as did the raging flames in the surroundings, churning towards Jiang Chen.

“Are you taking out this level of spirit fire to publicly humiliate yourself?”

Jiang Chen, who’d remained as firm as a mountain up to now, suddenly lifted his eyelids. A radiant light shot forth from them as he lifted his hands slightly, turning his palms outwards and motioned as if he was slamming a door in someone’s face.

Something strange happened in this moment.

The fiercely encroaching flames suddenly halted in their path, crashing into an invisible wall as they seemed to suddenly halted on their own.

The enclosement of the raging flames stopped about three meters away from Jiang Chen. Balls of fire had encircled him beyond that distance, but could advance no further.

Looking at the flames, it looked as if there was a force within this three meter radius that made them quake in fear. In fact, the balls of fire actually seemed to slowly be dying down.

“What?”

“What’s going on?”

“What’s Ouyang Jian doing? Toying with his prey?”

“Finish the battle quickly, don’t put on a show.”

“Heh heh, I think he wants to slowly torture his prey to death. Don’t you think that it’s really boring to kill your opponent in one second?”

Although the disciples beneath the ring felt it was a bit odd, they all still felt that this was Ouyang Jian deliberately making things look mystifying and toying with his prey.

However, up on the elevated ring, Ouyang Jian suddenly goggled in shock across the ring.

Indeed, he too had discovered that the Raging Tide of Flames was slowly weakening, as if it had met a terrifying power. These flames infused with spirit power actually advanced no further but began to slow down instead.

Although these flames weren’t alive, they did indeed have some sentience, and a primal sort of fear caused these spirit flames unwilling to proceed.

It was as if surging forward another step would cast them into a boundless abyss and have them completely devoured.

Jiang Chen softly produced a long whistle. “Ouyang Jian, is this your so-called Raging Tide of Flames? Too damn weak! Even an old granny would find your flames too weak. Now, break!”

Jiang Chen flourished his sleeves as an enormous power engulfed the surroundings, shaking the very air as it devoured the raging flames around him.

Those overweeningly dominant flames were all extinguished like mere candles!

This scene petrified all the Purple Sun Sect disciples jeering beneath the ring. They had been running their mouths a second before, clamoring about their prowess, as if their enemy was a turtle caught in a jar, dead without a doubt.

But in the next moment, that Raging Tide of Flames they were so proud of and constantly boasting about were extinguished like pitiful candles with a wave of a sleeve.

Was… was this a battle?

This had been too easy? What kind of aura had Ouyang Jian’s Raging Tide of Flames possessed? Yet they’d all been suppressed neatly with a wave of one’s sleeve?

This kind of power was as if an enormous elephant stepping on a little bunny.

There was saying comparing something “as easy as blowing away a speck of dust”. And this was truly all the other had exerted in extinguishing the flames.

The most depressing thing was, Ouyang Jian was most proud of his Raging Tide of Flames and they’d been reduced to being absolutely worthless, that even an old granny would find them insufficient… this was truly a thorough slap to the face!

Ouyang Jian was thrown into disarray.

This scene was beyond his understanding. He’d thought of all sorts of possibilities and had simulated all sorts of situations that might arise.

His opponent using some sort of treasure to withstand the flames for instance, and then stubbornly resisting before his defenses were slowly whittled down and his opponent finally falling in defeat.

Or his opponent having no way to defend themselves and being swallowed whole by the tide and burnt to a crisp.

Or another scenario in which this fellow’s speed was surprisingly fast and attempted to jump out of the flames’ encirclement, but still had no place to escape before eventually dying an ignoble death beneath the Raging Tide of Flames.

In conclusion, he’d simulated all sorts of possible outcomes, but had never envisioned this one. He’d never even considered the possibility of failure in the ring of fire.

It was because of this that once this scene appeared, Ouyang Jian was completely thrown for a loop. His brain couldn’t even react for the moment. He only had one thought, “How is this possible, how is this possible?!”

Reality was harsh.

The Raging Tide of Flames was put out like a light flickering in the breeze. Ouyang Jian’s dao heart contracted uncontrollably as a trace of fear flashed through the depths of his eyes.

He’d been absolutely confident before in the ring of fire.

But now, an uncontrollable feeling of fear rose to the fore.

His opponent was too bizarre.

When the most adept and well versed method of a supremely confident person was easily broken by another, that was a fatal blow to their confidence.

“What did you say just now? You said that I only had the right to be your opponent if I could endure 15 minutes of your Raging Tide of Flames?”

Jiang Chen laughed unhurriedly and said softly, “I also want to tell you now that with your little bit of ability, you truly don’t have the right to be my opponent.”

These words stabbed into Ouyang Jian’s dao heart like the most terrifying blade in the world.

Ouyang Jian’s body twitched as a violent grimace dawned on his face. He roared furiously, “Kid, you must’ve used some treasure to cheat! What are you being cocky about? The Raging Tide of Flames was just the appetizer. You can boast only if you live through Sixteen Blows of my Raging Python of Flames!”

He’d transformed into a ball of red light as he spoke, the Fire Python Sword in his hand sweeping through the void and transforming into sword aura that filled the air. Its speed was surprisingly fast as it madly slashed down at Jiang Chen.

The Sixteen Blows of the Raging Python of Flames was a berserk sword technique. It could be said that it was a strong sword technique tailored for Ouyang Jian.

It speed was astoundingly fast and the sword aura madly violent. When accompanied with fire techniques, its power was shocking when deployed and the wielder could often prevail, even from a weak position, and deploy boundless fighting strength.

“The fire veils fill the skies as the sword dances like a mad python. So fast, so strong!”

“It looks like Ouyang Jian has been thoroughly enraged!”

“Yeah, he’s brought out his speciality. Add to that the Fire Python Sword, a spirit weapon refined six times over, this kid looks like he’s dead without a doubt because he pissed off Ouyang Jian!”

“That makes sense. This fellow just broke through Ouyang Jian’s Raging Tide of Flames. He must’ve had some treasure that helped him cheat, and it wasn’t his true strength at all. Let’s see how he cheats beneath the Sixteen Blows and the berserk sword aura!”

Ultimately, the Purple Sun Sect disciples were still unwilling to accept what had happened. They didn’t feel that this ordinary brat had truly suppressed the Raging Tide of Flames based on his own abilities.