Chapter 205: First Level Spirit Realm? One Shot, One Second, One Kill!

Liu Can was in a panic, “First prince, do you not know what kind of person I, Liu Can, am? What kind of a thing is the second prince? He’s not even fit to carry your shoes. What kind of future would I have with him?”

“First prince, don’t listen to Jiang Chen’s blather. That person is devious and wily, he must be trying to drive a wedge between us.”

At this moment, the aloof Precious Tree Sect disciple in the second level of the spirit realm faintly gave voice to reason.

Ye Dai started and then immediately understood. “Yes, yes. My thanks to Brother Chen’s for his advice.”

“Jiang Chen, don’t you foment disunity. It’s good that you’ve come, all of our grudges from the capital will be resolved today!”

Jiang Chen chuckled. “Resolved? If you want to resolve things, then you should harden your heart to also slaughter your most respected sister Dan Fei. Otherwise, aren’t you worried that she’d expose your secret of killing your brothers? If a word of that gets out, how will you ever take the throne?”

This was actually what Ye Dai was most conflicted about right now. Jiang Chen had landed a hit on his Achilles’ heel with a single blow.

He did indeed have an almost wicked possessive desire when it came to Dan Fei.

However, he was unwilling to make sacrifices for Jiang Chen and the throne.

Except, he knew that Dan Fei was different than the others. If the others died, any investigations would go nowhere. But if Dan Fei died, then old tutor Ye would never simply give up his investigation.

Once the old tutor investigated and followed the trail all the way to him, Ye Dai, he wouldn’t be able to keep his head, much less the throne.

Dan Fei wasn’t merely an adopted daughter or disciple to the old tutor. She was the old tutor’s psychological sustenance and more precious than the old tutor’s own daughter!

Ye Dai truly didn’t have it in him to kill Dan Fei.

Emotions flickering through his face, his gaze on Dan Fei’s face, Ye Dai said hoarsely, “Sister Dan Fei, I know you’ve always been hoodwinked by number four and so favor him a bit more. Are you truly going to set foot in the struggle between us brothers and take Ye Rong’s side?”

Dan Fei’s gaze was remote as she flicked a glance at Ye Dai. “Ye Dai, I hadn’t thought of becoming involved in the struggle between you brothers before today, I hadn’t picked a side either. However, I’m truly disappointed in your actions today.”

“Sister Dan Fei, since ancient times, only the victors have been remembered. I have had no other choice since the very day I was born in the royal household. You follow the honored tutor and should also know that the heritage of the throne and the passing of power has never been without a bloodshed. I ask not of you to help me, I only beseech you remain neutral, pretend you witnessed none of today’s events. So long as you do, I, Ye Dai, will be grateful to you for the rest of my life. If I were to ascend the throne in the future, I’d gladly to offer up to share the lands with you.”

“Offer up to share the lands with me?” Dan Fei smiled disdainfully. “Ye Dai, do you believe all women beneath the heavens to care about that bit of power your family holds?”

“Sister Dan Fei, being a motherly model of a nation and the mother of a nation is naturally an incomparable wealth. In addition, if I were to cleave and form a ruling dynasty through the neighboring sixteen kingdoms in the future, is the dignity and awe of being the mother of a whole empire not one to bring glory to your ancestors? What other fortune and wealth could possibly measure up to this?”

One had to say, Ye Dai’s eloquence was amazing. His persuasion carried both a confession of his feelings, and a subtle temptation.

Jiang Chen almost wanted to burst out laughing as he listened. Ye Dai’s eloquence was really extraordinary.

As Ye Dai became more and more ardent with his words however, Dan Fei’s charming face darkened further and further.

“Ye Dai, shut your foul mouth. I don’t want to have your laughable comments dirty my ears.” Dan Fei’s face ice-cold as she spoke frostily.

“You… have you finally hardened your heart to stand on Ye Rong’s side?” Ye Dai’s eyes were filled with anguish. But that anguish quickly turned into raging fury. “What’s so good about him? His birth? His methods? Or his political games better than mine? Dan Fei, why must you always stand on his side and always help him out when he runs into trouble, yet always ignore me when I do? Dan Fei, I revere you as goddess, and yet you treat me as a pig or a dog?”

“You think too much. I’ve said that I have no interest in the struggles between you princes.”

“Alright, since you have no interest, leave immediately. I promise I won’t touch you if you swear an oath not to mention the things of today.”

Dan Fei’s shapely body remained where she was, not moving in the slightest. She didn’t say anything and only looked at Ye Dai with a noncomittal look.

“Are you leaving or are you not?!” Ye Dai growled.

“I don’t want to kill you. If you don’t leave and don't swear, you’re forcing my hand. Dan Fei, don’t force me!” Ye Dai raged like a wild beast.

“I’m not forcing you to do anything. You’re forcing yourself.”

Ye Dai’s eyes suddenly shone with determination. “Alright, since this is the case, don’t fault me for being heartless Dan Fei. Carry forth my orders, kill everyone besides Dan Fei without exception. And if she bars you, kill her as well!”

Jiang Chen laughed leisurely, “After so much talk, are you finally revealing your true colors?”

Ye Dai’s face darkened as he roared, “And I will richly reward whoever kills Jiang Chen for me!”

With Jiang Chen’s appearance, Ye Dai discovered that the person he hated the most and ranked first among those he wanted to see dead wasn’t Ye Rong, but Jiang Chen instead!

“I’ll do it!” Liu Can grinned hideously and charged from his side, barreling towards Jiang Chen.

Jiang Chen remained as unmoving as a mountain, flicking his wrist and displaying a throwing dagger in his hand --

The Flying Eagle Form!

A cold light flashed as the throwing dagger vanished into thin air. By the time everyone finally realized what was going on, they’d discovered that the throwing dagger had already sunk into Liu Can’s throat.

Liu Can’s body had just sprinted out less than ten meters when it abruptly stiffened, his hands forming a death grip around his neck, his eyeballs bugging out of his skull like a dead fish’s.

Producing gurgling noises out of his throat as his hands clenched desperately, as if he wanted to grasp onto the life escaping his body and shove it back into himself.

However, it was all in vain.

Bam!

Liu Can’s body slumped down with a thud and sent countless bits of dust flying.

This turn of events had taken place extremely quickly, as if lightning had flashed through the scene.

When everyone came to their senses, Liu Can had already turned into a corpse.

Even Ye Rong’s side was flabbergasted, not to mention Ye Dai’s side being utterly stunned. Apart from Dan Fei having a noncommittal expression and without any particular reaction, everyone else was insensate as wooden chickens.

“Jiang Chen, you… you killed Liu Can with one strike? At the first level of the spirit realm?” Lin Qianli made noises of astonishment and walked up to look at Liu Can’s bedraggled body, his eyes full of awe and admiration.

Xue Tong also walked up, “Young master.”

Jiang Chen clapped Xue Tong’s shoulder, “Not bad, you were the only one in the entire team who observed the terrain of the mountain valley and identified the red flags.”

Ye Rong’s team all blushed deeply. However, Jiang Chen was right. No one had thought to observe the terrain apart from Xue Tong, and no one else had considered that this might be a trap.

Except, everyone was even more curious in just when had Jiang Chen arrived? How had he known that the first prince’s team had designed such a trap?

Ye Dai looked at Liu Can’s body and couldn’t believe his eyes for a while. Jiang Chen had killed Liu Can of the first level spirit realm in one second with one strike?

“Brother Chen, this Jiang Chen is quite troublesome. It looks like it’s time for you to take the field.” Ye Dai’s gaze looked towards the Precious Tree Sect disciple, the second level spirit realm practitioner.

“Huh. The potential of the disciples from the Northern Palace is limited alright. This so-called first level spirit realm is likely inferior to even that of the half-step spirit realm of my Sect. Prince Ye Dai, killing Jiang Chen doesn’t seem to be part of our agreement. How will you compensate me taking action?”

The Precious Tree Sect disciple had a detached tone. It was obvious that he was only hired by Ye Dai and not one of his deathsworn.

Ye Dai clenched his teeth. “Your pay will be doubled. As long as you kill Jiang Chen, your pay will be doubled compared to what we previously agreed to.”

“Triple!” The Precious Tree Sect disciple Chen Li extended three fingers. “No haggling allowed. This Jiang Chen is a true first level spirit realm practitioner. It will take a bit of effort to kill him. If it was something like Liu Can, I wouldn’t have wanted three times. I would’ve wanted two times at most.”

“Triple is triple then. Take action now!” Ye Dai was also quite decisive.

A hair raising smile surfaced on Chen Li’s face as he nodded. “The first prince is indeed resolute. I will have Jiang Chen’s head!”

Ye Rong hastily said from his side, “Honored sir is a disciple of the Precious Tree Sect, what need is there for you to become embroiled in the royal family’s struggles? He offers three times the agreed upon fee, I’m willing to do five times as long as you’re willing to not make a move and remain neutral. How about that?”

Chen Li chuckled and halted his footsteps as expected. He looked at Ye Dai, “First prince, your younger brother seems to be more generous than you.”

Ye Zheng hastily said, “Brother Chen, don’t listen to him. Ye Rong is a destitute pauper, how would he have that much money to give you? My big brother is offering three times, I offer three times as well. This makes six times in total. One final price, let’s not haggle anymore. Kill Jiang Chen for six time the agreed upon price and we’ll make good on our agreement when we leave!”

The smile on Chen Li’s face grew broader and broader. What he wanted most right now was for the two sides to keep topping each other’s bid so he could profit without working for it.

Ye Rong grit his teeth. “I’ll do ten times!”

Jiang Chen smiled at this point, “Fourth prince, since when did you have so much money? Ten times? If you have ten times the agreed upon amount, give it to me and I’ll take all their heads for you.”

Chen Li had wanted to keep listening to Ye Rong’s offers, but the smile on his face abruptly vanished when he heard Jiang Chen’s words and he spoke frostily. “Ye Rong, you have no further chances.”

“Even if you offer a hundred time now, you must all die!”

“Jiang Chen, you’re first!”

Killing intent exploded in Chen Li’s eyes.

Jiang Chen laughed leisurely. “I definitely wouldn’t be that optimistic if I were you.”

Chen Li laughed hideously. “Optimistic? I’m a genius of the sect and my training is at the second level of the spirit realm. You’re just at the first level spirit realm. Do you think you can take me on with your throwing dagger techniques?”

“Whatever, I’ll let you see what’s a true disciple of the sect today, and what’s a true genius!”

Chen Li’s aura suddenly expanded after he concluded his short speech and he drew upon his spirit ocean. Spirit power surged out of his body as his body was ensconced by a dense red light, as if a ball of fire blazing to the heavens.

However, Jiang Chen seemed to not see any of this as he smiled faintly, seeming to think Chen Li was a clown.

“You can still smile when death is staring you in the face!” Chen Li roared. “I wonder if something’s wrong with your head or if you can really back up your talk.”

Jiang Chen spoke easily with a smile, “Oh I can smile alright, but I think that you’ll be unable to soon enough. The more you draw upon your spirit ocean now and the more awesome you try to be, the faster you’ll discover how weak you’ve become.”

“What?” Chen Li’s heart suddenly sank as he seemed to discover that strands of a weird presence was seeping into his spirit ocean.