Chapter 234: Ye Chonglou’s Strong Attitude

Ye Chonglou walked slowly out of thin air with his graying hair, billowing sleeves, and riding his trademark Five Winged Lesser Dragon.

He didn’t seem to have any particular attitude even when facing an elder of the Precious Tree Sect. His expression was noncommittal, as if he didn’t care in the slightest.

“Shangguan Yi greets the noble tutor!” Shangguan Yi hastened to come forward and perform a bow.

“Tian Shao greets the noble tutor!”

Jiang Chen also smiled faintly to see Ye Chonglou appear out of thin air and walked up, “Lordmaster, it seems that I’ll owe you a favor again this time.’

“Haha you devious boy. When it comes down to it, it is I who owes you a favor. Otherwise, the problems with this Lesser Dragon would’ve made me worry to death.’

Ye Chonglou laughed heartily as he looked at Jiang Chen with a meaningful look. The old tutor had actually arrived a long time ago, but hadn’t made an appearance because he wanted to see how Jiang Chen would handle this matter.

He’d discovered to his surprise that Jiang Chen didn’t have the slightest inclination to run even when faced with Elder Iron’s oppressive aura!

Even the old tutor couldn’t quite figure out just what was giving Jiang Chen so much confidence. What other trump cards did he have up his sleeve?

Although it’d looked extremely easily for him to shoot Xin Wudao and the other first level spirit realm practitioners dead with Jiang Chen’s level of training, the levels between different martial dao training were clearly defined. It was absolutely impossible for him to make a stand against Elder Iron at the sixth level spirit realm.

Even the Da Yu bow would be unable to threaten a practitioner at the peak of the earth spirit realm!

This was a difference in foundational strength that would be unable to be bridged with just mere tricks.

As strong as one’s martial dao potential was and as domineering the mysteries of one’s martial techniques possibly were, all was as empty as the floating winds in the face of an absolute power gap.

It wasn’t impossible for one to challenge someone a level higher, nor was it not allowed.

But there was a limit to such challenges. Overreaching a level or two was possible, but challenging upwards a difference of four to five levels was the daydreams of an idiot.

Did Jiang Chen possibly not know that the difference in strength between him and Elder Iron, was something that tricks wouldn’t be able to compensate for?

Or was it that Jiang Chen, with his extraordinary sensitivity, had long since guessed that Ye Chonglou would appear?

The old tutor was quite confident that with his level of training, not even Elder Iron would be able to discover him hiding in the shadows, much less than Jiang Chen who was at the first level spirit realm. Therefore, there was no way that the latter would’ve discovered him.

“If he had only guessed that I would come, then Jiang Chen’s confidence and absence of fear in the face of danger, his courage and charisma is enough for him to look down on all his peers.” The old tutor sighed with emotion in his heart. Regardless of what reason it had been, it was already a miracle that someone of the first level spirit realm could maintain his own heart and will, and also not flee when faced with the strong aura of a earth spirit realm practitioner!

A sense of humiliation surged to the fore when Elder Iron saw that Ye Chonglou had inserted himself into the matter and was laughing and talking with Jiang Chen, completely ignoring him, an elder of the Precious Tree Sect.

He controlled the flames of anger in his heart with effort and said faintly, “Lordmaster, today’s matter is a private grudge between me and Jiang Chen. Are you trying to interfere?”

“Private grudge?” Ye Chonglou smiled a small smile. “Lu Wuji colluded with outside enemies and invited disaster into the capital. Jiang Chen killed him out of consideration for the capital’s security and was implementing justice. The Precious Tree Sect is a patron of the Skylaurel Kingdom and should be lauding Jiang Chen’s righteous act, so what kind of private grudge can arise here? Could it be that Elder Iron is still seething over what happened after the Autumn Hunt and is making use of this opportunity to seek revenge?”

That was an obvious given.

Elder Iron flew into a rage when he heard these words, “Implementing justice? Bullshit! Lu Wuji is my wife’s nephew and thus he has to call me uncle when it comes down to it. He was killed without reason by Jiang Chen and you tell me that I don’t have the right to even ask about it?! Lordmaster Ye, I’ve always respected you and didn’t want to start anything with you. If you want to intervene in even my familial affairs, that means you’re putting yourself down as an enemy of my Iron family and one of the entire Precious Tree Sect!”

“Don’t you use your sect to try to bully me. Others may fear your old man, this pile of old bones doesn’t!” Ye Chonglou rolled his eyes. “You want to bullshit with me and talk about family ties, fine. Jiang Chen is my savior and I quite admire him, to the point that I view him as a nephew. Your nephew committed a crime and was executed for it, that was his just desserts. If you’re up in arms about this, then come at me. I’ll take whatever you have the ability to send my way!”

The lordmaster’s words were neither spoken in a great rush nor with a raised voice. He didn’t put on a menacing expression or speak with an overbearing manner. However, his attitude was clearly defined as he expressed to Elder Iron that Jiang Chen was someone he valued, and anyone who wishes to lay a finger on Jiang Chen would have to go through him first!

When he voiced these words, even Shangguan Yi who was watching by the side was greatly astonished, not to mention Elder Iron. The former knew that the honored tutor thought highly of Jiang Chen, greatly valued and admired Jiang Chen, but he’d never thought that the honored tutor was willing to erupt in open hostilities with Elder Iron over Jiang Chen, to the extent that he would even verbally warn the elder.

The honored tutor hadn’t been moved at all when Elder Iron had brought out his heavyweight of a father.

How was this just normal admiration?

This was basically the attitude towards one’s own son!

If it hadn’t been for Jiang Chen’s background being thoroughly investigated, Shangguan Yi almost suspected that Jiang Chen was the honored tutor’s bastard son.

Tian Shao was even more flabbergasted! He’d never thought that a lofty noble Tutor Ye, at the existence of a god, would be willing to offend a heavyweight of the Precious Tree Sect for a foreign youth!

One had to know that even the Crown Prince wouldn’t have the fortune to receive such treatment!

The entire Dragonteeth Guard descended into mass speechlessness in that moment.

They suddenly understood that Lu Wuji’s death had been in vain.

How would they obtain revenge when Ye Chonglou was backing Jiang Chen up? So what if vice director Yang was making a stand? So what if Elder Iron was doing so as well?

Hadn’t everyone seen that even Elder Iron’s old man had had no effect?

Those Guards who’d been swayed and wanted to betray Shangguan Yi began to hesitate.

Could vice director Yang really win out over Jiang Chen?

If it’d been before the honored tutor had appeared, no one within the Guard would’ve believed that Jiang Chen would win.

In their eyes, as much furor that Jiang Chen could kick up, he was just a locust of late autumn, destined not to live long!

However, the events that had then taken place had caused the situation to take a hundred and eighty degree turn.

The honored tutor was willing to insult even the esteemed elder of the Precious Tree Sect to personally protect Jiang Chen and emphasize that he viewed Jiang Chen like a nephew!

The weight of these words changed everything.

Anyone who wanted to form any grudge with Jiang Chen would have to thoroughly consider if they could hold up beneath the honored tutor’s rage on the basis of these words alone.

Even vice director Yang may not have the courage to be enemies with the honored tutor!

The Precious Tree Sect was strong and a titan, but it still didn’t have many ties with the mundane world. Ye Chonglou however, was the legend of the kingdom who had been revered for generations, a living legend and undying monument!

Such a character was the Skylaurel Kingdom’s god!

How many would take the long way around when passing by the spirit king protector’s manor for fear of bumping into him, not to mention become enemies with him or run afoul of his taboos?

“Lu Wuji that idiot, of all people to provoke, he had to pick Jiang Chen.”

“Ai, Xin Wudao and Qi Fengxian were also kicked in the brains when they were young. They dared to publicly rebel against the general director in order to accomplish some achievements, but this resulted in their heads being taken off. Well deserved, well deserved! It looks like there will be a massive house cleaning after this matter. With so many empty positions, it seems that there will be many chances for us!”

The internal of the Dragonteeth Guard had a subtle change of heart in the span of a second.

Those who’d looked like they were on Yang Zhao’s side all involuntarily took their place by Shangguan Yi again.

They were heaving inward sighs of relief that they hadn’t been impulsive just now and hadn’t stood out to express their stances or been in a hurry to curry favor. Otherwise, the general director would be sure to take them to task after this matter!

Elder Iron’s words were all forcefully stopped in his mouth. His face turned red with his effort in holding things in as he was greatly enraged but didn’t dare erupt.

If his strength allowed him to do so, with his personality, he wouldn’t mind beating the old tutor to death.

However, he didn’t dare do so and didn’t have this strength either.

He was well aware that this mysterious old man’s reputation as the spirit king protector wasn’t the result of bluffing. Even his father couldn’t quite define Ye Chonglou and felt that they should avoid offending him if possible.

Elder Iron didn’t feel that he had what it would take to go head to head with someone whom even his father feared.

However, if he backed down just like this, he wouldn’t be able to swallow this hit to his pride as a Precious Tree Sect elder!

“Lordmaster Ye, why is this? I’ve also investigated this kid and he’s just a savage bumpkin from the Eastern Kingdom. He has no impressive background or any awe inspiring abilities, he just has a bit of uncommon potential. Our Skylaurel Kingdom has young men like this by the dozen. If you like youth like these, I’ll select eight or ten from the Sect and send them to your manor. Give me Jiang Chen and I will owe you a favor. My father will also admit to this favor!”

Elder Iron was someone who could bow and rise at will. When he saw that taking a tough attitude wouldn’t get him anywhere, he decided to try a softer tactic.

Yang Xiaoqian also wept, “Lordmaster, as many faults that my nephew had, he shouldn’t be beaten to death just like that. This Jiang Chen is so rampantly unbridled and yet you protect this foreign tyrant. What are we of the Skylaurel Kingdom to make of this?”

This woman knew how to put on a good act alright. She could cry at the drop of a hat and put on quite a convincing act.

However, her actions were like those of a clown in front of the lordmaster.

The lordmaster smiled faintly, “Elder Iron, I don’t want eight or ten of anyone else. I admire Jiang Chen. Even thousands or tens of thousands of others would be unable to replace him. If you want to keep discussing, then leave now and I will let bygones be bygones. They can settle their grudge between themselves. As long as you older generation doesn’t intervene, I promise I won’t as well. If you want to use your power and influence to force your hand, then my apologies, although I am quite old, I have truly never been crushed by anyone before.”

As for Yang Xiaoqian’s fake sobbing, the lordmaster couldn’t even be bothered to give a response.

Elder Iron fully erupted into a rage when he saw that the lordmaster wasn’t giving him any face at all. “Tutor Ye, does this mean that you’ve hardened your heart to protect this kid?’

“You can take it that way if you want to.” Tutor Ye's tone was noncommittal.

“Good, good, good! Jiang Chen, you listen up! You have a strong backer today. I don’t believe that you’ll always be able to hide behind your backer and never be caught out!”

Elder Iron’s tone was vicious as he continued, “You’d best pray for yourself that you don’t end up in my hands. Otherwise, I’ll make it so that you can’t live even if you pray to live, and that you can’t die even though you wish to die.”

His eyebrow then flicked as he looked at Ye Chonglou. “Tutor Ye, you’re the one who said that you won’t interfere if we don’t. They will take care of this themselves. Do you stand by your words?”

“Of course.”

“Good, then you won’t suppress Yang Zhao either, right?”

“I have no interest in mundane battles.” The honored tutor said faintly.

“Good, very good! Since this is the case, then let’s have Yang Zhao and this brat fight it out and see who falls to the other. If you break your word and interfere, then my Precious Tree Sect will never stand for this!”

The honored tutor smiled slightly and wasn’t even interested in responding to threats.

It was Jiang Chen however, who had a hint of a meaningful smile appear on his lips.

The honored tutor couldn't help but ponder when he saw that smile. With his knowledge of Jiang Chen, that smile meant that something was about to happen!