Chapter 1292 - Desperate Straits

Following a flash of white light, the world in front of them had undergone a drastic change.

The Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace fell at a rapid speed before heavily smashing against the ground. Afterwards, Xia Qingyue pulled Yun Che along as they swiftly flew away from the warship.

The God Realm of Absolute Beginning!

Incomparably heavy and ancient, the air and aura within this place were completely different from that of the outside world. With a single glance, they could see that the sky and the ground in this place were all shrouded in a gloomy shade of ash gray. This spread as far as the eye could see, painting a bleak picture of desolation that was hard to put into words.

Yun Che had this extremely distinct feeling… He felt as if he had jumped through a tunnel that went against the flow of time, and he had suddenly ended up in the extremely distant past.

“This is the God Realm of Absolute Beginning?” Yun Che said with an emphatic sigh as he surveyed the surrounding area.

The area they were in was vast and quiet, but it was also filled with a solemn and heavy aura that caused one’s heartstrings to tense up unconsciously, not allowing either of them to relax in the slightest.

“That’s right!” Xia Qingyue swiftly replied. After that, she put away the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace with a wave of her hand. 

It was clear that the ash gray ground in this place was extremely hard and durable. The Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace had fallen at an extreme speed, but it actually only created a shallow dent that was not even ten feet deep.

“Let’s hurry up and go!” Xia Qingyue did not dare to linger for a single second. She grabbed Yun Che and chose a direction at random as she fled.

The aura and the size of the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace made it all too big a target, so now that they had arrived in this place, they needed to immediately find a place where they could hide.

“Where are we going?” Yun Che asked.

“We’re going to find a place where we can hide,” Xia Qingyue said. “The God Realm of Absolute Beginning’s starting location is extremely big. Right now, we can only hope that the ones chasing us have been sent to a place extremely far away from us. Before they find us again, we need to hide ourselves as best as we can.”

It was just that the people who were chasing them were counted among the most dreadful monsters in this universe. Hiding from their spiritual sense was still as hard as reaching the heavens, even in this God Realm of Absolute Beginning. 

“Have you been here before?” Yun Che asked another question.

“I haven’t.”

“Then why would you know about where the God Realm of Absolute Beginning was located in the first place? Also you seem to be quite… familiar with this place?”

It was definitely not a coincidence that the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace had flown directly towards the God Realm of Absolute Beginning. It was now clear that from the moment that they had discovered Qianye Ying’er and that gray-robed elder, Xia Qingyue had deliberately flown in this direction.

“Foster father had given me several unique memory fragments before,” Xia Qingyue said with knitted brows as she surveyed the area in front of her to find a place they could use to hide. “Those memory fragments contained a lot of important information regarding the four divine regions.”

“...So that’s why,” Yun Che said with sudden clarity. At the same time, he sighed empathically in his heart: The Moon God Emperor had already started making preparations for her to succeed his position as Moon God Emperor a long time ago. It looks like he truly wanted Xia Qingyue to inherit his power and position as god emperor and it was not just some spur of the moment decision.

The Heart of Glazed Glass and the Nine Profound Exquisite Body… It looks like the meaning and implications these things had in the God Realm far exceeds my current knowledge and imagination. To think that it would even make a god emperor go this far.

“But I don’t think that we can hide from the spiritual perception of those two people,” Yun Che suddenly said.

What a joke! One of them could alter the orbit of a star by lifting his hand, and the other could use a single finger to destroy a star… These legendary-rank monsters, even though he could use the Moon Splitting Cascade combined with the Extreme Mirage Lightning to hide, there was still no way he could hide from them.

“The aura within the God Realm of Absolute Beginning is unique,” Xia Qingyue explained. “It will greatly suppress the spiritual senses of all living creatures which come from the outside. Furthermore, every blade of grass and every tree, and even every grain of sand in this place will release a rather dense and heavy aura. If you hide among these things, it will also be able to greatly confuse the senses of other people.”

Yun Che faintly closed his eyes and released his spiritual perception… Soon after, his eyes opened and astonishment could be seen in them.

Because the radius of his perception had been suppressed to a mere tenth of what it usually was!

The aura in this place was not muddy, it was instead dense and thick to an astonishing degree. So their perception, just like their physical bodies, felt as if it was being suppressed by a gigantic boulder.

After he tried releasing his spiritual perception, an extremely intense feeling of inferiority directly struck at his heart and soul… This feeling told him that this was not a place that he should be in. Within this world of “Absolute Beginning”, he was a tiny existence who could be wiped off the face of the earth at any instant.

“But even if that’s the case, it will still be difficult to escape the spiritual perception of those two monsters,” Yun Che said with sunken brows. It was not that he was being pessimistic, that was simply the cruel reality of the situation they were in… Even if the spiritual perception of those monsters was suppressed to a tenth of what it usually was, they were still monsters.

“Then it’s up to fate at that point,” Xia Qingyue said softly. Her gaze continued to sweep the area in front of her as she murmured to herself, “If we are lucky enough to find an energy jade, then that would be ideal.”

Rare treasures littered the God Realm of Absolute Beginning. It was extremely hard to find an energy jade that could power the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace for a long time in the outside world, but it was not that hard to find one in this place… However, wanting to take it away would be as hard as trying to reach for the heavens.

That was because even the weakest wild beast in this place was far from something that they could contend with.

“Then there’s no need to worry too much,” Yun Che’s mental state was not as heavy or solemn as Xia Qingyue, “If we really can’t get away, we can still use the Void Illusion Stone to flee.”

Yun Che’s words fiercely jolted Xia Qingyue and her beautiful eyes swiveled towards him, “You have a Void Illusion Stone?”

Void Illusion Stones were the most valuable treasures in every sense of the word. Furthermore, it was a distinctly finite resource, if you used it once, it was gone forever. Even an existence like the Moon God Realm only had three stones.

“Yes!” Yun Che nodded his head, “It’s only that we are not able to decide where we will be taken to if we use this item. So unless it’s our last resort, I really don’t want to use it.”

“Whatever it is, it would be far better than falling into their clutches,” Xia Qingyue softly said. The heaviness that was weighing down on her heart had been lightened considerably by the three words “Void Illusion Stone”.

They did not know exactly why Qianye Ying’er and that gray-robed elder were chasing them, but for them, not knowing their goal had made it more terrifying instead.

“Your Moon God Realm should also have Void Illusion Stones, right? You’re so important to your foster father, but he did not give you one of them to protect your life?” Yun Che’s consciousness submerged into the Sky Poison Pearl as he asked that question.

“I’ve never left the Moon God Realm before, so I did not need one.”

This was the first time that she had left the Moon God Realm.

“……”

Energy jade… Yun Che was just about to retrieve the Void Illusion Stone but a thought suddenly flashed in his mind and he asked, “Qingyue, can the Celestial Time Jade be used as an energy jade to power the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace?”

“...You have a Celestial Time Jade?” Xia Qingyue’s beautiful eyes swivelled towards him once again, and this time, they clearly flashed with an astonished light that was even more intense than before.

With a simple exercise of will, the hand which was fishing for the Void Illusion Stone grabbed the Celestial Time Jade instead, “This was the prize for coming in top four in the Conferred God Battle. I heard Palace Master Bingyun tell me that it could be used as an energy resource.”

“...” Xia Qingyue stared steadily at Yun Che for a good long while. It was a kind of helpless and astounded gaze… that showed that she hated that she could not beat him up on the spot right here and now.

“Why didn’t you take it out earlier?”

“I didn’t think of it until just now,” Yun Che said as he blinked, an innocent expression displayed on his face. After the Conferred God Battle had ended, his mind had been fully preoccupied with the Star God Realm and Jasmine. So that “Celestial Time Jade” had simply been stored away by him once he had received it and he did not even spare it a single glance after that.

Yun Che could clearly see Xia Qingyue’s chest heave violently, but he did not know if it was because she was angry at him or if she was breathing a long sigh of relief. It was just that her stance was horizontal as she flew and her silky bosom was simply far too full and lush, so just a light and simple movement was already enough to cause blood to rush violently to the head of any man.

Yun Che silently swallowed a mouthful of saliva.

“The Celestial Time Jade is one of the best energy jades in existence, it is extremely hard to get your hands on one,” Xia Qingyue explained. “One piece of Celestial Time Jade could allow an ordinary profound warship to fly for a hundred years. Even if it is the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace, a piece of Celestial Time Jade would allow it to fly at its maximum speed for an entire month.”

“Eh… Really!?” Yun Che was shocked by those words.

The Celestial Time Jade was after all one of the grand prizes of the Profound God Convention, so it definitely was not some ordinary thing!

“Are you still not going to hand it over to me?” Xia Qingyue’s snowy hand extended forward, a helpless look spread across her jade features. If Yun Che had simply taken out the Celestial Time Jade before this, they would not have needed to take their chances in the God Realm of Absolute Beginning.

No matter how strong Qianye Ying’er and that gray-robed elder were, it would still be impossible for them to chase them at full speed for an entire month… It would be such a strenuous affair that it might just kill them due to tiredness.

The Celestial Time Jade was not too big and even the profound light that flashed from it was not too strong. It was merely covered with the thin and pure light of the moon and stars. Yun Che had previously found it hard to imagine that this piece of jade could actually contain such a terrifying power.

The Profound God Convention that was held this time was extremely unique, so the grand prizes given out at the end were also far better than before. These four pieces of Celestial Time Jade were given to the “Four Conferred God Children” who had placed in the top four of the competition to aid their cultivation when they entered the Eternal Heaven Divine Realm, to allow them to become towering giants of the Eastern Divine Region at a much quicker rate.

These four pieces of Celestial Time Jade had come from each of the four great king realms… In order to get the other three king realms to surrender a piece, the Eternal Heaven God Emperor had spent a considerable amount of effort.

If he was to discover that Yun Che was actually going to use it as the fuel of a profound warship, it would not be surprising if he vomited blood out of rage and exasperation.

Xia Qingyue held up the Celestial Time Jade in both hands. Following a simple thought from her, the Celestial Time Jade vanished from her hand and was inserted into the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace.

“As such, as long as we are not hit by any of their attacks, we shouldn’t be in too great a danger,” Xia Qingyue tightly grasped Yun Che’s hand, “Let’s go.”

“Oh really? It’s such a pity then that you won’t be able to leave anymore.”

Just as Xia Qingyue was about to summon the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace, the cold and cutting voice of a woman suddenly rang in their ears… The sound of this voice stirred the soul just like a note of legendary celestial music, but the dreadful oppressive might contained within caused Xia Qingyue and Yun Che to immediately stumble into the abyss.

It felt as if a titanic mountain was weighing down on their bodies as they fiercely tumbled from the sky and fell unceremoniously to the ash-gray ground of the realm of Absolute Beginning.

But that “titanic mountain” still did not disappear as it pressed down on their bodies, causing them to be unable to rise up from the ground. In fact, they could not even lift a pinky in their current state… Their profound energy had been completely sealed away and they were not able to move even a thread of it.

This was a suppression that they were completely unable to resist. Even if their profound strength was a thousand times more than it currently was, it would also not be possible for them to offer up an iota of resistance.

Because this peerlessly dreadful suppression was coming from the Brahma Monarch Goddess herself!

Shit… Yun Che’s heart sank fiercely. He had not even able to detect a hint of Qianye Ying’er’s arrival. Because of the other party’s dreadful strength, even if his spiritual sense had not been suppressed, he would still definitely be unable to detect it.

It was even possible that Qianye Ying’er had long been by their side as she mockingly eavesdropped on their conversation.

But now that their bodies were entirely suppressed and they could not even move a single muscle, even using the Void Illusion Stone to flee had become a vain hope, much less hoping to use the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace.

A golden figure slowly descended from the sky to land in front of the duo.

As for Qianye Ying’er, Yun Che had seen her from afar when he had stood upon the Conferred God Stage. But right now, she was right in front of him, only a few steps away from him at that.

Half of her golden hair was draped over her fragrant shoulders while the other half fell straight to her bottom. Every single strand of that golden hair shone with a flowing brilliance that was more luxurious and captivating than the purest gold. A similarly luxurious golden plate of soft armor covered her upper torso, drawing the outline of a body that was so perfectly curved and proportioned in every single way that it caused one to gasp in astonishment. The proud curves of her bosom and buttocks were plain for all to see, their shape a perfect half moon, while her waist was as thin and slender as a young willow’s trunk.

The light within the God Realm of Absolute Beginning was dim and gray, but the skin that was shown, no matter whether it was on her wrist, neck, or that small portion of her face, all of it shone with the luster of flawless jade. It was hauntingly exquisite.

That wing-shaped golden mask covered her eyes and most of her face, but the lips shown below were as beautiful as flower petals, dewy and radiant. Her small and delicate chin seemed to have been carved like a jade statue, it was completely flawless.

This was a woman whose every inch had been formed with extreme perfection. Even that covered face could still take away the breath of any man, and cause them to fall into a daze. Even the current Yun Che, with merely a single look at this close distance, suddenly understood why she was bestowed the title of “Goddess”, and why so many proud sons of the heavens were so crazily obsessed with her.

But what weighed on his heart more was undoubtedly the coldness that had spread to his entire body.

His mind whirled at a frantic pace before an expression of “elated joy” quickly appeared on his face, “Oh so it was the Lady Goddess! Who would have thought we would actually be able to cross paths with the most beautiful Goddess in such a place, it’s simply such a coincidence.”

The only thing that gave him any scant comfort was that Qianye Ying’er had not come to kill him or Xia Qingyue. Otherwise, even a single flick of her finger would be enough to kill them millions of times over.