Chapter 1295 - Cruel Curse

“Demoness!” Nearly every gap between Yun Che’s teeth was bleeding as he uttered, “If you dare hurt her… I swear I’ll put you through a fate that’s worse than death!”

Yun Che never stopped grinding his teeth as he swore at Qianye Ying’er. This was only the second time that he had met this woman, but he was already hating her unlike any other woman he had ever encountered in his life. He had never been this powerless either… In the past, no matter how despairing the situation had looked, he had always been capable of making a desperate gambit even against someone like the Moon Slaughter Devil Sovereign. But… the gap between Qianye Ying’er and him was just too wide, so wide that even the distance between the sky and the earth made a poor comparison.

All words and tactics were nothing more than a joke before a gap like this.

“A fate worse than death?”

Qianye Ying’er paused when she heard Yun Che’s words. She slowly turned around to look at him before asking, “Yun Che, are you sure you understand what a fate worse than death, means?”

A demonic, golden light flashed in her pupils, and dense golden patterns appeared all over Yun Che’s body. Then, he shuddered violently as he felt something like a million arrows piercing his body, or innumerable needles penetrating his soul…

“AH!!!!”

If there was one thing Yun Che feared the least in the world, acute pain might just be it. It was because the wounds he had suffered were unimaginable to common folk. There were many times he was badly wounded or on his deathbed, but he was so used to pain that he never uttered a single sound.

But the moment the golden light had flashed across Qianye Ying’er’s eyes, he had screamed like he was crying blood and writhed until his body looked completely deformed.

“EGAAAAAAAHHHH…”

“AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH——”

The bloodcurdling scream that sounded like it came from the depths of purgatory itself rang across the sky of the starting location, and each scream was only worse than the last... There were almost no breaks between the screams at all. Anyone who heard them would’ve felt chilled from the bottom of their hearts, wondering what kind of pain the screamer was suffering from to scream as terribly as they did...

Yun Che’s throat was completely hoarse. His face was utterly bloodless. He felt as if countless poisonous thorns or blades were stabbing or carving pieces out of his flesh and soul, and the pain they inflicted was hundreds or thousands of times worse than being tortured, or being torn limb from limb by way of execution...

His soul had plunged to the depths of the abyss, but his body still couldn’t move an inch from its spot. His body shivered violently like a dying worm, and he was drenched from head to toe in cold sweat in just a few breaths’ time… A pool of sweat was spreading at a shockingly fast rate beneath his body...

“...” Xia Qingyue closed her eyes, eyebrows trembling with pain.

Qianye Ying’er showed no signs of discomfort or pity despite Yun Che screaming like his heart and lungs were being torn out of his body. In fact, her beautiful lips—a pair of things that were prettier than even a delicate flower—curled into a delightful smile. “Do you understand what a fate worse than death really means now?”

“Demon… ness… AAAAH…”

Countless blood vessels were bursting inside Yun Che’s eyes, and he had nearly crushed all of his teeth because he was biting so hard. The word he uttered—unrecognizable because his voice was completely gone—was only two syllables long, and yet it had him using nearly all of his remaining willpower to utter it. After that, his screams had only gotten louder and more painful.

“Oh?” Qianye Ying’er narrowed her eyes, “You still can speak? That’s truly praiseworthy. What about… this?”

Her pupils flashed golden once more, and the golden patterns covering Yun Che’s body grew even brighter and clearer.

“WAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH——”

The bloodcurdling scream instantly became ten times stronger than it was before, spreading to nearly every corner of the starting location. It was so terrible that even the clouds in the sky, and the dust on the ground, seemed to be trembling in response to his pain. Yun Che could clearly feel every nerve, every vein and every wisp of his soul being pierced, stretched, twisted and torn apart by innumerable cold blades...

It was a kind of pain that even Yun Che could neither imagine nor endure...

He was literally destroying his own throat and coughing blood every time he screamed. His entire body, his very cells were shaking violently due to the sheer amount of pain that was being inflicted on him. His blood vessels swelled like bulging worms, as if tens of thousands of worms were wriggling just beneath his skin...

The Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark… no one who had not experienced the curse could ever imagine how terrible it really was, nor know of the true eighteen hells.

Yun Che had always been proud of his firm willpower, and both his body and soul had been tempered by countless cruel trials in the past. He hadn’t backed down even when he was tormented by the Netherworld Udumbara Flower he plucked for Jasmine...

But right now, he actually wished he was dead just so that he could escape this inhumane torture.

“Can you still speak now? No?” Even the hardest person would’ve felt pity for someone who was in this much pain, but Qianye Ying’er’s half smile showed that she wasn’t moved by the sight before her in the slightest. “Do you know why it’s called the Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark now?”

“It’s because it’s a curse that’ll make you marvel over the wonder that is death. It makes you want death more than anything else in your life.”

“The pain it brings is something that transcends the soul. In short, it isn’t something that can be resisted with one’s will at all. So forget that you’re just a pitiful junior who has lived for several dozen years, even a realm king or a king realm’s god emperor would’ve knelt on their knees and begged for mercy, or death!”

“You must be wanting to die so very much, aren’t you? Did you suddenly come to realize that death is the most wonderful thing in this world?”

“UGAAH… AAAAH… AAAAAH!” The only answer Yun Che could give her was a guttural, bloody scream. His facial features had become completely distorted by pain, and his twitching fingers looked like the languished claws of an animal.

“By the way,” Qianye Ying’er continued to speak leisurely, “The Brahma Soul Death Wishing Mark is a curse mark that I’ve planted with my soul origin, so…”

She smiled. “You’ll never be free from this curse unless I release you of my own accord, or die. Not even your foster father the Dragon Monarch, or ten Dragon Monarchs can release you from this pain!”

“This means that you have only three choices left in your life now: You either obey me, beg for someone to kill you… or stay at the bottom of this hell and lead a life worse than death for eternity!”

Blood poured down Yun Che’s gritted teeth like a fountain. His pupils were widened so much that they looked like they could burst open any moment… Qianye Ying’er’s words were like the cruelest, most demonic curse that imprinted itself deeply in his heart and soul. Every bit of willpower and belief he had ever had was flooded by the abyss of pain until it all turned into despairing darkness...

Finally, Yun Che stopped screaming and fainted completely. Blood was still pouring down the corner of his lips, however.

The golden pattern on Yun Che’s body vanished as Qianye Ying’er turned back to look at Xia Qingyue. “I guess I can show some mercy and leave him be for the moment. It’ll be too noisy to conduct our business otherwise.”

“...” Xia Qingyue opened her eyes slowly… But there was no panic, no pain or even beseechment in her eyes. Her pupils had somehow vanished completely, and all that was left was… a disturbing canvas of ice and darkness.

Her eyes made Qianye Ying’er frown a little.

The freezing words poured out of Qingyue’s mouth as she stared at Qianye Ying’er, “You better kill me now, Qianye… or I swear, one day… my mother… and everything that happened today…”

“I will make you pay ten thousand times over!!”

“Oh? Is that so?” But Xia Qingyue’s terrifying eyes failed to make Qianye Ying’er back down in the slightest. On the contrary, Qianye Ying’er moved closer and stared at the former with interest. Then, she started caressing Qingyue’s naked upper body with creepy tenderness, “Relax, I’m not going to kill you. It’d be a shame to destroy a body such as yours, wouldn’t it?”

She swiped a finger downward carelessly, and the bottom half of Qingyue’s clothes scattered softly into nothingness as well. Her impossibly beautiful body was finally exposed to the thick, heavy air of the God Realm of Absolute Beginning.

Qianye Ying’er’s golden eyes flashed oddly once more. She praised as she traced her delicate fingers across Xia Qingyue’s perfect legs, “What a perfect pair of legs you have. I doubt there can be another pair like yours even if every perfect jade in the world were used to carve something equal to this. I bet that any man would be willing to carry them on their shoulders and play with them to their heart’s content, even if they would die by a thousand cuts tomorrow.”

Xia Qingyue, “...”

“But they don’t deserve to taint something as flawless as this, of course. Those lowly men may be a perfect fit with their equally lowly partners, but how can anyone as perfect as us deserve to be used by any man?”

Her words were seductive, and her eyes were hazy, but she wasn’t saying this to break Xia Qingyue’s will. To her, it was the most basic kind of common sense.

Qianye Ying’er had scorned, and even despised all men in the world since a very young age. From the moment a shade of her beauty had made its appearance, she was showered with countless looks of wonderment, yearning, and lust. The geniuses, proud sons, realm kings, sons of god emperors, and even the god emperors themselves thought that her beauty triumphed every other that existed in the world, and they were willing to discard everything—even their pride and lives—just to win a smile or a glance for her.

They didn’t know that she thought of all their actions as “lowly”, however.

In her world, no man in the world deserved a second glance from her except her birth father, the Brahma Heaven God Emperor.

She would never allow any man to touch any part of her body—not even her little finger—either.

In recent years, Qianye Ying’er had gone so far as to cover her own face. The common folk thought she covered up her face to prevent more people from succumbing to her beauty, but in reality… she simply thought that the men of this world no longer deserved to catch even a glimpse of her face.

Her thinking might be twisted, but the problem was that she had the power to be as twisted as she wanted to be.

It was because she was the Brahma Monarch Goddess!

While other women were trying to become the wife of a powerful husband, play the role of a good wife and mother, beautify themselves, improve their cultivation or power… she was pursuing something that the ordinary dared not even think about.

The way of True Gods!

To this end, she could do anything. Everything could be manipulated, and everything could be destroyed as long as it aided in her search for the way of True Gods.

Her fingers trailed up Xia Qingyue’s long, beautiful legs before they finally came to a stop at her stomach. Her eyes narrowed bit by bit, “A perfect body, and an even more perfect maiden, you are. It’s almost like you’ve been purposely saving it for me.”

“To cultivate the World-Defying Heaven Manual, one must bear a Nine Profound Exquisite Body. Finally, I can begin…”

It was at this moment an odd light cut through the haze in Qianye Ying’er’s eyes.

RIP!!!!!!

The ripping noise sounded like it had torn apart the very sky itself.

A blood red crack appeared straight ahead of Xia Qingyue’s vision and stayed stubbornly in existence.