Chapter 1294 - Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark

Xia Qingyue’s mood, which had always been as calm as water, and as cold as a serene pool, rarely fluctuated, but at this moment, a soul piercing cold light reflected from her beautiful eyes… alongside some killing intent.

Her mother’s life being at its limits, her father and foster father having spent half their lifetimes in sorrow...

So all that was granted by Qianye Ying’er, and not the Star God Realm!

It was no wonder that the Moon God Emperor no longer showed any signs of resentment these past years whenever the Star God Realm was mentioned. Deep, hidden complexity had taken its place… which meant that he had already known that it was all because of Qianye Ying’er!

“Back then, I originally dispatched men to capture Yue Wugou. She did, after all, have a good thing like the Stainless Divine Body. If it were to be wasted on Yue Wuya, that would certainly be a pity. But who knew that those two trash couldn’t handle such a task, and instead wanted to kill her after having failed in her capture. Yet they still couldn’t even kill her cleanly.

“Why are you looking at me like that?” Qianye Ying’er gazed at Xia Qingyue and said rather playfully, “You do know that I am your life’s greatest savior. If not for me, you wouldn’t even exist.”

The words that Qianye Ying’er had just said were indeed true. If not for her, Yue Wugou would not have landed in the Profound Sky Continent and she would not have met Xia Hongyu, so Xia Qingyue would naturally not have been born.

“And you as well.” Qianye Ying’er slightly tightened her grip on Yun Che’s throat, “If not for me, the Heavenly Slaughter Star God would not have obtained the legacy of the Heretic God, much less allowing you to obtain it. Then the current you would still be no more than a piece of lowly trash from the lower realms, and you wouldn’t even have had the qualifications to come to the Eastern Divine Region. So how then would you have scaled the heights to become ‘Conferred God Number One’ and impress the entire world?”

“So, right now, it’s time for the two of you to repay me.”

As she finished her languid speech, Qianye Ying’er’s voice and gaze suddenly grew cold, and an incredibly strong soul energy suddenly sprang from the hand which was pressed on top of Yun Che’s head.

“Stop!” 

BZZZZ———

Yun Che felt as if explosions had suddenly started to ring out in his head.

In front of Qianye Ying’er, Yun Che’s existence a tiny ant before the boundless sea… It was like this in regards to their profound strength, but it was also like this in regards to their soul power.

The consequences of having Qianye Ying’er succeed in searching his soul was that all his memories would be stolen by Qianye Ying’er, and Yun Che’s own soul would dissipate, leaving him a fool or even a vegetable.

If she failed, his mind would be completely destroyed and he would still become a vegetable.

But just when Qianye Ying’er’s soul energy had completely invaded the depths of Yun Che’s soul, a dragon roar simultaneously resonated within the heart and mind of both Yun Che and Qianye Ying’er.

AOOO—————

Qianye Ying’er’s eyes suddenly opened. She felt her soul shudder and spasm, and even her body swayed violently. Yun Che, whom she had held with her hand, also fell to the ground.

“Heh… heh heh…” Yun Che crawled on the ground and his mind was wracked in so much pain that it felt like it was going to rupture, but he let out a cold laugh as he said, “You want to search my soul? Even your father can forget about doing such a thing… much less you!”

After reaching the Divine Spirit Realm, Yun Che’s soul had become incredibly solid and secure. With the soul of the Dragon God within him, his soul could perhaps be suppressed or even destroyed, but it definitely could not be forcibly plundered!

If not for the fact that Qianye Ying’er was simply far too powerful, the aftershock of that roar would have definitely caused most other people to suffer heavy damage to their own soul.

But now that it had come to this, he no longer needed to hide or pretend in front of Qianye Ying’er because it was basically useless at this point.

It was just that he did not understand why Qianye Ying’er would know about the relationship between him and Jasmine, and why she would know about the existence of the Heretic God divine powers on his person… There was definitely a hole that existed somewhere.

The most dreadful thing was that Qianye Ying’er was astonishingly cautious and prudent. She was in front of two people who clearly could not resist her in the slightest, yet she still firmly used her power to suppress them, causing them to be unable to move a single muscle this entire time.

“Very good, very good indeed.” After that momentary shock had passed, the corners of Qianye Ying’er’s lips had curled up slightly, “This is indeed the soul that even the ‘Stainless Divine Soul’ could not suppress, right now I am getting more and more interested in the dragon soul within your body.”

“We could have ended this in a quick and painless manner…” Her hand once again latched onto Yun Che’s throat as she lifted him into the air for a third time. Two extremely dangerous eyes drilled into the depths of Yun Che’s own eyes as she said, “This is something that you asked for!”

As her voice fell, the golden light within her eyes flashed, Following that, the hand which gripped Yun Che’s throat flashed with a dense golden light. That dense golden light quickly left her hand and transferred itself into Yun Che’s body.

Immediately, with Yun Che’s nape as the center, threads of thin golden lines swiftly shot out in all directions. Within the space of a few breaths, they had spread to his entire body, covering his body with thousands upon thousands of delicate golden markings.

These golden markings glowed and flashed, and they could easily be seen even through his clothes.

Once the golden markings had spread to every corner of his body, all of that golden light disappeared without a trace. Qianye Ying’er subsequently relaxed her grip, allowing Yun Che to fall to the ground.

“Cough… cough cough… You… What did you do to me!?” Yun Che gave a few painful coughs before he roared in a hoarse voice.

Just now, he had felt countless cold sensations spread throughout his entire body. These sensations had spread into every single profound vein, every single nerve… But after the last of the golden markings vanished, those sensations had completely disappeared as well, it was as if nothing had occurred.

Xia Qingyue had fixed her eyes upon Yun Che and at first, suspicion and confusion had appeared on her face, but the instant those golden markings disappeared, it was as if needles had been stabbed into the beautiful pupils of her eyes, causing them to narrow into pinpoints, “Brahma Soul… Death-Wishing Mark…”

“Oh?” Qianye Ying’er glanced at Xia Qingyue, “You actually know about the Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark…”

“Release it! Release him from it!!” Xia Qingyue’s voice was anxious, and it had grown very hoarse due to her great shock and fright. Her expression had also turned an astonishing shade of deathly white. 

Yun Che had not heard of this “Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark”, but it was the first time he had ever seen such shock and fear on Xia Qingyue’s face… It was as if she had just seen the most dreadful and wicked devil god spoken about in legends.

“Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark… What is it?” Yun Che asked through gritted teeth.

Death-Wishing Mark…

Wishing for… death!?

“You will know soon enough,” Qianye Ying’er no longer even looked at Yun Che. She just left him there, flat on the ground, as she strode towards Xia Qingyue who was also unable to move.

“Release him from it!” Xia Qingyue’s pupils were shaking, yet she had turned her gaze from Yun Che. She actually could not bear to look at Yun Che any longer, and her voice had also grown completely soft and pliant at this time, “You can take it… as if I’m begging you…”

Xia Qingyue’s words shocked Yun Che greatly. He spoke in a hoarse voice, “Qingyue, have you gone stupid… Why are you even begging anything of her in the first place!?”

“You… don’t… understand…” Xia Qingyue closed her eyes in order to not to allow Yun Che to see her gaze which had grown so dark that it was close to despair.

Yun Che was at a complete loss, but Xia Qingyue was well aware of what had just happened. The “Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark”... These were the most dreadful words that existed in this world. No matter how strong a person was, no matter how much that person did not fear death, as long as someone heard these words, it would be as if they had heard the most cruel devilish curse that had come straight from the deepest depths of hell. It would leave that person trembling in fear.

“Beg me?” Qianye Ying’er stood in front of Xia Qingyue, as a clearly incredibly beautiful fairy-like countenance was filled with a heartlessness that took one’s breath away, “Daughter of Yue Wugou, before pleading on his behalf, you had better be more concerned with yourself first.”

“I know what you want,” Xia Qingyue’s gaze grew cold and gloomy, “Release him from the Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark, and I will give you everything you desire.”

Before yesterday, she had not even left the Moon God Realm before, so outsiders would also have been completely unaware of her. The only thing that she possessed that could cause someone on the level of Qianye Ying’er to scheme to obtain was her Nine Profound Exquisite Body.

Amongst the memory fragments that the Moon God Emperor had given her, it had been recorded that the Nine Profound Exquisite Body could indeed be stolen by another woman, but the conditions were exceedingly harsh and the method was also very special.

“Oh? Do you think that you have the power to bargain with me right now?” Qianye Ying’er wore a smile that was not a smile on her face. Her finger pressed against Xia Qingyue’s chest as it drew a leisurely circle around it, “The current you has fallen into my hands, so I’m the one who has power over everything that you have, not you.”

Xia Qingyue’s eyes grew even colder, “If you do not release him from the Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark, I will immediately… destroy my own Exquisite World!”

“Qingyue…” Those words caused Yun Che to understand that Qianye Ying’er’s goal was, shockingly enough, Xia Qingyue’s Nine Profound Exquisite Body. It was just that he did not know that the Nine Profound Exquisite Body could actually be stolen away by another. So, he naturally knew even less about how it could be stolen… and what the consequences were for the person who had it stolen away.

The current him was filled with only with a deep sense of helplessness… it was the kind of helplessness one felt when faced with absolute power. Furthermore, even though this person held absolute power, she still did not show him any openings, and that was absolute despair.

“Self-destruct?” Qianye Ying’er said with a dull mocking laugh, “Oh, you can go ahead and try.”

“...” Xia Qingyue’s ground her jade teeth together so hard that they cracked, yet she found it difficult to speak. As she was being suppressed by the absolutely irresistible power of Qianye Ying’er, she could not move a single thread of profound energy, so it was even less possible for her to destroy the Exquisite World within her profound veins. If Qianye Ying’er simply willed it, they would not even be able to speak… Everything had fallen into her hands and the only thing they could do was surrender themselves to her tender ministrations.

It was just as Qianye Ying’er had said. Whether it was Xia Qingyue or Yun Che, neither of them had any power to bargain with her whatsoever.

“The thing that I desire, I will naturally personally retrieve it from your body myself. I don’t need you to give it to me, understand?”

Qianye Ying’er’s lips pouted slightly and the hand which was pressed against Xia Qingyue’s chest spread and gripped her clothes before she fiercely ripped them off.

Rip!

As a ripping sound rang through the air, Xia Qingyue’s moon robes had instantly been ripped into shreds which fluttered in the air, completely exposing her upper body. As a result of that, her undergarments were completely ripped apart, and the chest that she had always deliberately bound tightly completely spilled out. Those gigantic silken mounds perkily bounced in the air as nothing restricted them anymore. They were as white and softly flexible as creamy fat and curdled jade, bouncing and swaying like a rolling wave as they continued to jiggle without pause.

Yun Che’s eyes fiercely bulged out of their sockets… He had been married to Xia Qingyue for twelve years, but he had never once seen her jade body. If it was under normal circumstances, upon seeing such a beautiful sight, even though he had seen and experienced many beauties already, it would still be so breathtaking that his eyes would have practically rolled out of his head. But at this moment, after that momentary daze, a cold shock gripped his heart, and he yelled out in a hoarse voice, “Qianye! What are you going to do!?”

This demoness, could it be that she was a goddamn pervert!?

Qianye Ying’er was not the least bit bothered by Yun Che’s furious roar. He stared at Xia Qingyue’s body, a body that was even more alluring and enchanting than that of those legendary temptresses who had blighted the world. Her golden eyes shone with a strange light that very rarely appeared, “I truly did not imagine that such an icy and cold exterior would actually hide such an alluring body. I must admit that even though I am a woman, it does move me a little.”

Her fingers slowly traced the snowy white jade skin of her breasts. Her movements were light and gentle and one could almost detect some enjoyment and enrapturement within these movements.

“Now this really is strange. Such a charming and lewd body, yet you’re actually still a virgin.” She shot Yun Che a glance as she said, “Could it be that this man whom you married is a useless eunuch?”

“Demoness!!” Yun Che’s eyes were as red as blood. Even though Qianye Ying’er was a woman, this was a great humiliation that Xia Qingyue had never ever suffered before. “Don’t you want to know the secrets that this body is hiding? Why don’t you come at me if you have the balls to do so!”

“You?” Qianye Ying’er’s hand caressed Xia Qingyue’s stomach as the corners of her lips curved up in a sneer of extreme disdain and playfulness. It was as if she had heard the most ridiculous joke in her life, “Don’t be anxious now. Very soon, you will be begging me to allow you to tell me everything.”

Yun Che, “...?”