Chapter 1247 - Conferred God Number One

Without the power of the heavenly law covering his body, Yun Che’s aura was instantly and completely suppressed by Luo Changsheng.

Luo Changsheng’s entire body was covered in blood but he virtually felt no pain. No matter whether it was his body or his soul, the only things he felt were extreme rage and humiliation which threatened to boil over. He gave a furious roar as a green light flashed across his body and a gigantic whirlwind coalesced around him. The wind energy swiftly gathered around his right arm before he sent it smashing towards Yun Che’s chest.

This unrestrained blow was definitely one that sought to rob Yun Che of his life!

Yun Che’s face was expressionless, but “Rumbling Heaven” instantly opened and the suddenly rampaging profound energy completely suppressed Luo Changsheng’s aura as his clawlike hand shot out with lightning speed.

BANG!!

A huge explosion rang out in the air as energy waves exploded around the two, and the space around them trembled in the wake of their clash.

Luo Changsheng came to a complete halt, his entire body stiffening. The right arm, which was filled with the greatest power he could muster, had actually been grabbed by Yun Che. It was as if his power was smashing against an impregnable rock that soared towards the heavens. The aftershock left his entire body numb, but Yun Che was practically unmoved by his own attack

“You…” Luo Changsheng’s pupils contracted and it seemed as if he had fallen into a deep abyss. His palm felt like it was being bound by profound steel, and even if he caused all of the profound energy in his body to surge, he still could not struggle out of that grip.

“Your strength isn’t bad,” Yun Che said as he looked at him through slitted eyes. “To think that you actually caused my hand to feel the slightest bit of pain. Heh… that’s worthy of praise.”

Those words were very familiar to Luo Changsheng, because they were clearly the mocking words he had cast at Yun Che when he had blocked the Heaven Smiting Sword with his bare hands. As those words fell, Yun Che made a light movement with his hand.

CRACK!!

The sound of bone breaking resounded clearly in everyone’s ears as all the finger bones in Luo Changsheng’s right hand instantly broke apart. He let out an ear splitting cry as his right knee heavily smacked against the ground and his entire body spasmed violently in agony.

Crack!!

Yun Che’s gaze was cold and merciless. As his palm twitched yet again, the finger bones, which were already broken, immediately turned to powder. Even his forearm had been mercilessly shattered by that movement. Luo Changsheng’s entire body shuddered and his pale white face actually turned a greenish purple. He desperately used all his might to move his energy and send it surging into his nerveless right arm.

A “bang” loudly rang out in the air as Luo Changsheng was sent flying into the distance as he finally escaped Yun Che’s viselike grip. But the throbbing pain coming from his right arm caused his entire body to drench itself in sweat as it shuddered. His originally beautiful and flawless face was distorted into a demonic visage.

“Just this much strength and you want me to wish I was dead?” Yun Che gave a cold mocking laugh. Under normal circumstances, his Divine Spirit Realm aura would naturally be completely suppressed by Luo Changsheng’s Divine King Realm aura. But when he was under the effects of “Rumbling Heaven”, he instead completely and totally suppressed Luo Changsheng. So even if he did not rely on that heavenly might, which was only available to him for a short period of time, he still did not feel the least bit threatened by Luo Changsheng.

“It’s… it’s not possible…” Luo Changsheng’s entire body shivered uncontrollably as his eyes, which beheld Yun Che, were filled with a deep shock and fear, “You clearly just survived a lightning tribulation and you’re clearly only at the Divine Spirit Realm… This isn’t possible…”

Yun Che let out a low laugh as he slowly extended a hand towards Luo Changsheng, but he did not even bother to take out the Heaven Smiting Sword, “Didn’t you say that you wanted me to wish that I was dead? Come, use all of your tricks and methods. Like that Heart Burning Lightning of yours that will shorten your own life, use all of them. Just let me see how capable the youngest Divine King in the history of the God Realm, the grand and famous Young Master Changsheng, truly is.”

Every word uttered by Yun Che cruelly mocked Luo Changsheng, every word agitated his soul which was already close to collapse.

At this moment, Luo Shangchen, who was using all his might to staunch Luo Guxie’s wound, raised his head and let out a loud yell, “Changsheng, don’t fight with him anymore! He’s completely different than he was before, you won’t be able to beat him!”

Now that he was pushed to such desperate straits, how could Luo Changsheng, whose heart was filled with hatred and shame, be willing to give up? He fiercely sucked in a breath of air as he let out a loud yell, his left hand shining with bizarrely colored lightning before he resolutely thrust it towards his own chest.

He had, astonishingly enough, not hesitated to use the Heart Burning Lightning which burned one’s lifespan in order to increase one’s profound strength!

But it was at this moment that a mocking cold light flashed in the depths of Yun Che’s eyes.

BOOM————

Yun Che’s figure suddenly disappeared and he instantly appeared like a ghost in front of Luo Changsheng as a cluster of golden flames fiercely exploded against his chest.

Under the explosive flames, Luo Changsheng spat out an arrow of blood and was once more sent flying into the distance. When he finally landed on the ground, the wound, which had already been sliced apart by lightning previously, completely ruptured as a cloud of blood slowly spread around his body.

Luo Changsheng knelt to the ground limply, his face a ghastly white and his entire body was spouting blood. The Heart Burning Lightning that he had used his blood essence to evoke had completely dissipated as well.

“I seem to have suddenly changed my mind,” Yun Che said in a relaxed tone as he walked towards Luo Changsheng at a leisurely pace, “but please do not misunderstand. It’s not that I’m afraid of your Heart Burning Lightning, it’s just that I want you to understand something.”

Yun Che’s finger drew an arc in the air as he pointed his right hand at Luo Changsheng and coldly declared, “Luo Changsheng, the current you that stands before me is nothing more than a pitiful toy that I can toss around at my own leisure. If I want you to use a power, then you can use that power. If I do not want you to use that power, then you can forget about ever using it, understand?”

“Or perhaps, you could immediately admit your defeat and surrender right now in front of me. After all, even though a defeated dog is ugly to look at, at least you can save yourself a lot of pain. Don’t you think?”

A large mouthful of fresh blood fiercely sprayed from Luo Changsheng’s mouth as his body continued to shudder.

His previous mocking, insulting, and humiliating words were all thrown back, unchanged, into his teeth by Yun Che. Even though he was facing the same methods and the same words, to Luo Changsheng, this was undoubtedly many times, no, even tens of times more humiliating than it had been for Yun Che!

“Uk….” It seemed as if a frenzied and vicious beast had entered Luo Changsheng’s chest as it rose and fell with such intensity that it looked like it would explode at any moment. His eyes were filled with confusion and disorder but there finally came a moment when his eyes completely lost all focus, and Luo Changsheng himself had lost all reason. All of the wounds on his body split open, and his entire person seemed like a desperate and hopeless wild beast, as he rushed towards Yun Che with an ear splitting cry.

If it was before today’s events, no one would be able to believe that Luo Changsheng could be reduced to his present state. He was, after all, Luo Changsheng… the Young Master Changsheng who stood at the head of the Four God Children of the Eastern Region.

All of the humiliation he had inflicted previously had been returned to him ten times over. His strength as a Divine King had been trampled over in the blink of an eye. The master that he was most proud of had not hesitated to throw away her dignity as a Divine Master to protect him, but she was wounded by the counterattack… His body, his strength, his pride, his glory, all of his dignity… all of this had been trampled under Yun Che’s feet and kicked into a deep abyss.

He had finally collapsed.

The onrushing Luo Changsheng had seemed to completely morph into a vicious man-eating beast, even his profound energy had been thrown into complete chaos. This Luo Changsheng was not even fit to be Yun Che’s opponent.

If there was one thing more dreadful than striking one’s life, it was striking one’s heart.

Yun Che deliberately looked away, so he would not need to look at the current Luo Changsheng any further. He waved his hand, and all of a sudden, the crackle of electricity was emitted from his hand as deep purple lightning flashed from his palm to explode towards Luo Changsheng.

“Lightning!?” The purple light in Yun Che’s hand caused countless profound practitioners present to widen their eyes in astonishment.

As a wail ripped through the air, Luo Changsheng was wrapped up by a couple dozen lightning bolts and heavily thrown to the ground.

At this moment, Yun Che flew into the air before making a sudden descent, his right foot smashing viciously into Luo Changsheng’s left arm.

CRACK!!!

“UWAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!”

The sound of bones fracturing was practically as harsh as the wail of lightning, as all of the bones in Luo Changsheng’s left arm were instantly reduced to dust. Following that, he let out a wail of despair which seemed to come from the depths of hell itself.

“Chang… Changsheng!” Luo Shangchen’s body violently shook as his pupils widened so much that they threatened to rupture.

“Lightning… To think Yun Che can actually use the power of lightning as well,” the Eternal Heaven God Emperor said. “Ice, fire, lightning… To think that he was actually the same as Luo Changsheng, someone able to cultivate three different kinds of elemental profound powers!”

“That isn’t any ordinary lightning either,” the Dragon Monarch said in a soft voice. “Could it be that you haven’t noticed that the lightning that he is using… carries the aura of tribulation lightning.”

“What?” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor was absolutely stunned by that declaration. After that, his gaze grew tightly focused, and a deep shock suddenly appeared on his face, “This…”

“Perhaps, he was able to comprehend some of the principles of the tribulation lightning sent down by the heavenly law while he was trapped inside the lightning tribulation,” the Dragon Monarch said contemplatively. “Due to the limitations of his profound strength, he should only be able to use the lowest grade purple tribulation lightning. But if… he is able to fully comprehend the principles of the tribulation lightning sent down by the heavenly law, and his profound strength reaches a sufficient level, perhaps, he may be able to release that… white tribulation lightning.”

“...” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor was rendered speechless by those words for a good long while.

The white colored tribulation lightning, which could shatter the barrier that had been forged by the profound strength of all of the Divine Masters present…

The white colored tribulation lightning which severely wounded Luo Guxie in a single instant...

If such a day truly came, then who under the heavens could be Yun Che’s opponent!?

Wait just a minute…

The tribulation lightning that was sent down by the heavenly law… this was the principles of the very heavenly law itself!

How could any human be able to comprehend such a thing!? How could any human be able to understand it completely!?

Yun Che’s right foot was firmly planted on Luo Changsheng’s shattered left arm, but his gaze was directed into the distant white skies above. He did not even bother to give Luo Changsheng’s pale and distorted face a single look as he coldly declared, “Luo Changsheng, we were originally no more than simple opponents. Yet you just had to force me to become your enemy. Heh, that’s right, you are the scion of the Holy Eaves Realm King and the disciple of Luo Guxie. There is no one that you need fear, and all along, it has only been the other way around. Whether you wanted to trample over anyone was up to your whims and fancy, but it’s a pity that I just happen to be someone who is fearless!”

“The moment I get offended, I’ll need a long time to forgive the person who offended me. So, no matter where I appear in the future, I don’t care if you’re Young Master Long Life or Young Master Short Life, you better tuck in your tail and behave in front of me!”

With that, Yun Che lifted up his leg and viciously stomped on Luo Changsheng’s head.

Bang!!

As the barrier violently shook and sunk in slightly, Luo Changsheng’s entire head had been stomped into the barrier.

Luo Changsheng’s entire body spasmed as his four limbs furiously twitched before they went completely limp. There was no movement after that.

At practically the same instant, Honorable Qu Hui let out a roar which shook the air, “Luo Changsheng has fainted! Yun Che is the victor of this battle!!”

As Honorable Qu Hui’s voice fell, the Profound God Stage broke out into an uproar but there was no one cheering for Yun Che.

At this moment in time, everyone present had nearly forgotten that this was not simply a duel between Yun Che and Luo Changsheng. This was also the final battle of the Conferred God Battle.

Yun Che’s leg flew up and kicked Luo Changsheng far in the direction of where the Holy Eaves Realm was sitting. After that, he turned around and said, “As such, I can assume that I have taken the first place in this Profound God Convention, correct?”

“Of course!” Honorable Qu Hui slowly nodded his head, “And it’s not only this Profound God Convention either. In any of the Profound God Conventions held by our Eastern Divine Region, you would still undoubtedly and most deservedly have taken first place as well!”

These extremely flattering words were actually said by Honorable Qu Hui with a resolute sureness.

On the other side, Luo Shangchen had taken to the skies as well as he caught the unconscious Luo Changsheng in his arms.

This Profound God Convention should have been the tournament where Luo Changsheng lorded over the young generation of the Eastern Divine Region. Before the Conferred God Battle had begun, he was recognized by all as the Profound God number one and no one could truly vie with him for the top.

Yet, he had lost to Yun Che.

In order to recover from his setback and the loss of dignity, he had lifted his restrictions and become a Divine King, shocking the entire Eastern Divine Region. So this time, no one had believed that he could lose, there had not been even a dint of possibility that he would lose….

Yet, he had lost yet again...

Not only had he lost, he had been completely destroyed.

Not only did he lose in a contest of profound strength, but all of the fame, prestige, and dignity he had accrued to his name had been completely trampled.

Luo Shangchen breathed in a deep breath as his entire body tightened up, and for the first time in his life, he felt a dense killing intent surge up in his heart against a junior… He did not dare give Yun Che a single glance, because he was afraid he would lose control of his killing intent in front of all who were present.

Even though he understood very clearly that Luo Changsheng had originally lost, and losing to a freak who could invoke a nine stage lightning tribulation was clearly no shame… The reason why he had been “destroyed” was mainly due to his own actions, but as Luo Changsheng’s father, as the Holy Eaves Realm King, how could he not feel hatred towards Yun Che.

As he picked up Luo Changsheng and the unconscious and severely wounded Luo Guxie, a gloomy darkness, that had never appeared before, floated up in Luo Shangchen’s eyes… Furthermore, all of these things were actually caused by a junior born from the lower realms, and whose master was only the ruler of a middle star realm.

In his sorrow, he truly recognized one thing. He recognized that perhaps Luo Guxie was right and he had never truly understood the son that he had been most proud of. The Luo Changsheng he had known and understood was merely the Luo Changsheng that his son had wanted him to see and understand.

At this moment, Honorable Qu Hui suddenly turned around, his cold eyes furiously staring at Luo Shangchen, “Holy Eaves Realm King, as someone who has already reached the pinnacle of the profound realm, Luo Guxie actually dared to attack a junior in front of us all. Not only was her action despicable, it completely shamed the entire profound way while offending my Eternal Heaven Realm and this Profound God Convention. So how will your Holy Eaves Realm account for this matter?”