Chapter 1267 - Yun Che & Caizhi

“Aaahh!?” Caizhi’s lips instantly opened to their limit.

“Jasmine… What did you say?” Yun Che almost wondered whether there was some problem with his ears.

“I said, you two will become husband and wife here today!” Jasmine used a higher and firmer tone to repeat her words.

Yun Che could clearly hear her words this time, which caused him to be baffled. Yun Che glanced at Caizhi beside him, who was dumbfounded and almost shocked silly. He asked in a stammering voice, “You… you’re… joking with us, right?”

“Does it look like I’m joking with you?” Jasmine replied, without any hint of joking on her face. Furthermore, her expression was much more solemn than usual.

“But how can I and Caizhi…” Yun Che wrinkled his brows and shook his head, as he simply couldn’t understand her intention. “No matter what, I and her… should not become a married couple, right?”

He and Caizhi met each other for the first time two years ago. They could barely be considered to have gone through trials and tribulations together, and he also owed her many favors. Caizhi was the daughter of the Star God Emperor, as well as the Heavenly Wolf Star God, and most important of all, she was Jasmine’s younger sister. The relation between him and Caizhi didn’t reach anywhere close to the two words “married couple”, no matter what.

“Why not?” Jasmine asked with a focused look in her eyes. “Does Caizhi not deserve you?”

“No, that’s not it.” Yun Che shook his head. “Caizhi is a princess of the Star God Realm, and also one of the Star Gods. It’s me who doesn’t deserve her in the first place.”

“Hmph,” Jasmine lowered her fine brows. “You’re someone who is known as the ‘child of the heavens’ by everyone, and even Qianye Ying’er is dying to marry you. So just how do you not deserve Caizhi?”

Yun Che couldn’t perceive the innuendo within the words that she had spoken in such an assertive and dissatisfied manner. He could only say, “But, there should be mutual feelings between each other at least, when considering such a matter. I and Caizhi, however…”

“Then were there mutual feelings between you and Xia Qingyue when you married her?” Jasmine asked back in a cold voice.

Immediately, Yun Che was unable to respond.

“Yun Che, do you think there is anyone in this world who understands your character better than me?” Jasmine wrinkled her brows. “Lusting for women is your reason for living, and there isn’t any women that you don’t try to seduce. You’re just twenty-something but you already have multiple wives, and even a large number of women in your harem. You simply deserve to be struck by lightning as divine punishment!”

Yun Che and Caizhi could faintly sense Jasmine gnashing her teeth as she spoke.

“When it comes to looks, Caizhi is already exceedingly beautiful, despite her very young age, and she’ll certainly be someone with a world-mesmerizing womanly charm in the future. When it comes to background, she is the younger princess of the Star God Realm. When it comes to cultivation, she is the Heavenly Wolf Star God who is feared by all. She is not inferior to your wives in the lower realms, in each and every aspect that needs to be considered. What are you still dissatisfied about!?”

“But…”

“No buts about it!” Jasmine snorted. “Don’t think that I don’t know you are secretly delighted in your heart and only pretending to reason with me!”

Finishing her words, Jasmine added in an extremely low voice, “Super huge lecher!”

Although her voice was very low, Yun Che still heard her words. His expression turned completely gloomy in an instant… In this life, he would never be able to have Jasmine stop labeling him as such in her mind.

Jasmine seemed to be incomparably firm in her decision, and his resistance would only cause her to retort even more fiercely. Though her bringing up the matter of marriage like this was not only extremely sudden, but quite absurd as well, he knew that Jasmine was absolutely not someone who would mess about with such a thing. There must be a deep meaning behind her making such a decision.

Calming his heart down a bit, Yun Che looked into Jasmine’s eyes, and asked with a very serious expression, “Then you should at least tell me… and Caizhi why you made such a decision.”

Caizhi blankly looked at Jasmine, appearing as if she had still not recovered from her initial shock.

Jasmine didn’t evade his gaze in the slightest, and looked into his eyes too, “Because you’re the only one in this world who can marry my little sister.”

“…” Her reply was incomparably simple, but Yun Che was a bit dumbstruck to hear it. He didn’t know how to respond to such words.

“Caizhi, this is my reply to you, too.” Shifting her eyes to Caizhi, Jasmine softened her voice. “Don’t ask anything else and get started with it. I’ll personally witness you two becoming a married couple.”

“No… I don’t want to,” Caizhi shook her head, as she seemed totally unable to understand the current situation. “No, no, I don’t want to do it!”

Caizhi turned around, and ran away.

“Caizhi! You want to disobey me again!?”

Jasmine reprimanding Caizhi in a stern voice made Caizhi stop in her tracks obediently. She turned around her face, as she said in a flurried voice, “I… I’ll obey Big Sis’s words, but… but…”

Watching Caizhi acting so frightened and helpless, Jasmine held her breath for a moment. Her voice and the look in her eyes grew softer, “Caizhi, marriage is the matter of the utmost importance in a woman’s life, yet I decided it for you with just a few words… I know that doing such a thing is very hurtful and unfair to you, so you can blame and hate me as much as you want.”

“No, I’ve no reason to blame Big Sis for anything.” Caizhi forcefully shook her head. “It’s just that I… I find it too strange.”

Jasmine’s chest heaved heavily, before she said in a light tone, “You will certainly find it difficult to accept right now, but I believe that you’ll slowly get attracted to him before long, to the point that you’ll have no way to free yourself from his charm. At that time, you’ll be able to perfectly accept this outcome, and even… celebrate this day forever.”

“He is a person with such capability.”

Yun Che, “…”

“But, he’s my Brother-in-law.” Caizhi was still in an absent-minded state and puzzled. It was basically impossible for her to understand what was going on at the moment, “It should be obviously Big Sis and him… It should be…”

“Caizhi,” Jasmine sighed lightly. “This is my most selfish and important wish. Can you help me realize it?”

“I…” Caizhi faintly opened her lips. She had no idea how to reply to her.

“This is certainly the wish of your mother and big brother as well,” Jasmine said in a light voice.

“…” Caizhi’s vision grew increasingly hazy, as if it was covered by a layer of mist that wouldn’t melt.

Compared to Yun Che, who had experienced quite a lot of bizarre matters in his life, Jasmine’s decision was undoubtedly a much stronger blow to someone like her. She might have inherited the memories of the Heavenly Wolf Star God, but they were of no help to her in understanding why such a strange thing was happening to her.

Wish… Why would she talk about her wish? Yun Che said in his heart.

“Yun Che, Caizhi, kneel down.” Jasmine lightly closed her eyes, concealing the extremely complicated look within them.

However, Yun Che and Caizhi didn’t budge an inch.

As if she already knew how they would act, Jasmine immediately stretched out her hands as she lightly brought them together.

A gentle energy suddenly swept over the two with a suppressive force. There was no way Yun Che could resist Jasmine’s energy, and he immediately kneeled down on the ground. Following, the dumbstruck Caizhi also kneeled down in synchronization.

“Pay your respect to the heaven and earth!” Jasmine’s voice became even heavier.

“Big Sis, I…”

Caizi still wanted to say something, but her words were cut off by Jasmine’s stern voice, “Do not speak any further!”

The movement of Jasmine’s hands slightly changed, as the energy suppressing the two immediately shifted forward, forcing down the bodies of the two to kowtow simultaneously.

Yun Che couldn’t resist Jasmine’s power, but it was possible for Caizhi… However, she didn’t dare do so. The one thing she was most unwilling to do, or would never dare to do, was to make her elder sister angry.

“Behind me are the spirit tablets of Caizhi’s mother and maternal aunt, and as I was once Yun Che’s master, I naturally can also be considered his elder. Now, with your elders at your side… pay your respects!”

Finishing her words, the movement of Jasmine’s hands changed once again, as she personally saw the two performing a kowtow twice.

Slowly letting out a light sigh, Jasmine lightly brought the fingers of her hands together. A formless aura swept around the bodies of the two, bringing Yun Che and Caizhi face-to-face in a kneeling posture, as they looked into each other’s eyes.

However, just as their gazes came into contact, the upper-half of their bodies were suppressed downward.

“The third kowtow!”

They were made to kowtow very heavily this time, causing Yun Che and Caizhi’s heads to bump into each other, quite heavily too.

Jasmine retrieved her power. As she let out a breath in relaxation, her emotions suddenly became even more complicated, “With the three kowtows done, Yun Che, Caizhi, you two are husband and wife from this moment onwards. Your fates are connected now, and you must support each other as well as share both honor and disgrace!”

Yun Che, “…”

Caizhi, “…”

The whole ritual from kneeling on the ground to performing the kowtows was forcibly carried out by Jasmine, and it was finished really soon too. The two of them didn’t even get the time to reflect on what had just happened.

Although Yun Che was a man who had already experienced the marriage ceremony thrice, he was still at a complete loss. He only knew the meaning of finishing such a ceremony…

In addition to Xia Qingyue, Cang Yue, the Little Demon Empress, he had gotten another wife…

Caizhi…

His marriage with Xia Qingyue was an antenatal betrothal, he married Cang Yue because they liked each other, and his marriage with the Little Demon Empress was a matter of universal celebration. But in the case of the marriage between him and Caizhi…

He slightly looked sideways to glance at Caizhi, only to discover that she was still kneeling in place, muddle-headed. Her absent-minded and helpless look was truly heart-rending.

It appeared as if she was still unable to understand what exactly had happened.

Jasmine walked over to them, and silently looked at the two people for a long time. She had a very calm expression on her face, but emotional fluctuations were occurring within her heart all this while…

Yun Che, when I’m gone, Caizhi will be there to protect you. She can definitely become the strongest Star God in the future, and will stop all the calamities from reaching you…

Caizhi, you need to remember that even without me, there is still someone in this world on whom you can rely as much as you want. Don’t let yourself fall into the abyss of “solely hatred” again…

The voice of her mind gradually faded, as she had no way to voice her thoughts. But, witnessing the fates of the two connecting with each other, a very light smile finally surfaced on her lips, “Caizhi, hand over the ring you’re wearing to me.”

Caizhi raised her head, still looking dazed, before carefully taking off the ring she had on all this time, and placed it in Jasmine’s hand.

It was a bright silver ring, with a pretty faint, blue light coiled around its surface in an indistinct manner. With the ring held in her hand, Jasmine said in a light tone, “This ring was left behind by big brother before his death. He said that the last of his soul fragments have been stored within the ring, and it can protect me all my life.”

“Twelve years ago, before going to the Southern Divine Region, I handed this ring over to Caizhi. Now, I hand it over to you.”

“Ah!?” Caizhi let out a cry in surprise. This ring was what she considered the most precious thing on her.

Jasmine stepped forward, grabbed Yun Che’s left hand, and personally put the ring on his middle finger, “Yun Che, I hope that every time you see this ring, it makes you think that Caizhi is your wife, the person you need to take good care of your whole life. Caizhi must also receive the same amount of love from you, as any other woman you like, and you also need to try as hard to please her as when you want to win the favor of other women!”

“…” Yun Che looked at Jasmine before taking a glance at the ring that was forcibly put on his finger. He didn’t know what sort of reply he should give to her.

“This ring could be considered Caizhi’s dowry, so you should also take out something as betrothal gift, right?” Jasmine let go of Yun Che’s hand.

Yun Che let out a breath, as he took out an ordinary-looking longsword from the Sky Poison Pearl. A faint, emerald green light was streaming across the sword.

“This is the Sky Poison Sword. It accompanied me when I saved the people of the world and also when I slaughtered the masses. It has witnessed my two lives, too. It was also this sword that saved Ling’er’s life at Cloud’s End Cliff.”

Jasmine took the Sky Poison Sword from him. She could vaguely sense the aura of the Sky Poison Pearl from the sword.

Placing the Sky Poison Sword in Caizhi’s hand, Jasmine said in a soft voice, “Caizhi, take good care of this sword. This is the betrothal gift from your husband, as well as the proof that he’ll protect you his entire life.”

“Brother-in-law is really weak, so I simply don’t need his protection.”

Although Caizhi said so in a low voice, her hand still touched upon the sword. There was an indistinct look in her eyes, and she seemed to be thinking about something.

“He is not your Brother-in-law, but husband. Don’t use the wrong term!” Jasmine warned her.

“I don’t want to call him that!” Caizhi said in rebuttal. She glanced at Yun Che for an instant before moving her gaze away from him with lightning speed. Afterwards, she picked up the Sky Poison Sword and ran away in a hurry. It seemed that she didn’t know how to face Yun Che and her elder sister while her mind was too disordered to accept her current situation.