Chapter 1274 - The God Empress Makes Her Appearance

“You’re truly born to get involved in love affairs. It was so in the lower realms, and the same thing is happening here, too.” Mu Bingyun shook her head lightly.

As Mu Xuanyin’s silhouette flashed through her mind, she let out a sigh inwardly, and her icy heart became a bit chaotic.

“Even I do not know why she would suddenly take a liking to me. It’s simply an inexplicable development.” Yun Che supported his forehead with his hand, as a gloomy look appeared on his face.

On the Conferred God Stage, he had used quite a despicable means to take advantage of Shui Meiyin. Having experienced such a thing, Shui Meiyin despising and being disgusted with him would be the most normal reaction, but the actual outcome was completely the opposite!

Even now he didn’t understand the reason behind it.

Who can tell the thought process of a little girl… It’s truly the strangest thing in the world.

“However, this isn’t a bad thing, either.” Mu Bingyun turned around as she spoke. “You obtaining the adoration of the young princess of the Glazed Light Realm as well as the approval of the Glazed Light Realm King means that you have also obtained the protection of the Glazed Light Realm. As one of the three strongest upper star realms of the Eastern Divine Region, even a king realm wouldn’t belittle the strength possessed by the Glazed Light Realm.”

“I can’t use someone’s feelings for this purpose.” Yun Che shook his head. “Forget it. Let’s talk about it later.”

Shui Qianheng’s voice was reverberating in his head, especially, the words he had said at the end.

Be careful of… the Brahma Monarch Goddess…

More and more guests continued to come, and all the star realms that had received the invitation arrived on time. They absolutely did not dare show the slightest negligence. As one of the most sacred places of the Eastern Divine Region, Divine Moon City had likely never been so bustling as this day.

The time for the wedding ceremony to start drew closer and closer.

The wedding ceremony was going to be held before the vast sky, so as to let the whole world know of the grand event taking place in the Moon God Realm. It was also rumored that several years had been spent on making preparations for the ceremony, in order to get it recorded in the annals of the Eastern Divine Region.

But, even if this place was Divine Moon City, it wasn’t as if all the visitors were seated in their respective locations.

Far-off in the sky, behind the multiple layers of cloud and mist, Qianye Ying’er was quietly standing in midair. Her golden robe outlined the absolutely perfect curves of her body.

She was standing below the divine moon, bathing in the moonlight pouring from above. Her face was concealed, but her formless magnificence was enough to even dim the shine of a true goddess of the Celestial Palace, and make her feel ashamed of her inferiority.

At her side was still only a shriveled and crooked old person.

Gu Zhu.

“Cough… Cough cough…” the shriveled old person lightly let out light, hoarse coughing sounds, as if it was an indication that his flame of life was gradually extinguishing. However, there was a divine light hidden deep within his muddy eyes that could see through everything.

“First, inviting the whole Eastern Divine Region, and now, this divine moon in the sky.” Qianye Ying’er said in a slow voice. “Yue Wuya has truly piqued my curiosity. I already can’t wait to find out who exactly this new god empress is.”

“Miss, are you not going to enter the main hall?” Gu Zhu asked.

“There’s no need. After all, the other target is not within the main hall.

Her eyes under the golden mask were actually looking in the direction of Yun Che’s location.

“Haha,” Gu Zhu faintly laughed. “Compared to the Moon God Empress, this child is the true reason behind Miss coming here, huh?”

Qianye Ying’er didn’t deny his words. Her lips that appeared to have the powder of crystals applied on them, slightly formed into a dangerous curve, “All these fools think that he can safely survive through the nine stage lightning tribulation because he has received the protection of heavens, but they don’t know that… Hmph, I should really thank the self-opinionated idiots of the Heavenly Mystery Realm. Otherwise, I’d have to put in so much effort.”

“Is it the divine power of the Heretic God?” Gu Zhu asked in a slow voice.

“…” Qianye Ying’er turned her gaze as it fixed on Gu Zhu. Suddenly, the world grew thoroughly cold at this moment.

Five breaths’ of time later, Qianye Ying’er turned her gaze away from him, as she said with an indistinct smile, “It seems that nothing can remain hidden before Uncle Gu’s insight.”

“No, it was Miss who told the answer to this old servant.” The look in Gu Zhu’s eyes was still muddy, and no light could be seen within them. “So that rumor about the appearance of Heretic God’s inheritance in the Southern Divine Region was true, and the rumor about the Heavenly Slaughter Star God obtaining Heretic God’s inheritance was also true.”

He was a man who had extremely vast knowledge of things. As someone who had always accompanied Qianye Ying’er by her side, her recent careless actions, words, her abnormally strong interest in Yun Che, and most important of all, her remark that “it was the Heavenly Slaughter Star God who told this to me herself” allowed him to piece together the puzzle and gradually figure out the two words “Heretic God”.

It could only be something around the level of a Creation God that could make her no less interested than the 《World-defying Heaven Manual》, after all. Among the great Creation Gods, there was one who had extreme elemental power and, quite coincidentally, a rumor regarding the inheritance of this Creation God had appeared twenty-odd years ago, and it also had a connection with the Heavenly Slaughter Star God.

“You’re not to speak about this matter to anyone else, including my royal father.”

“This old slave’s life only belongs to Miss.” Gu Zhu replied. His body didn’t show the slightest movement all this while, as if he was a completely dried-up, old well.

“I won’t believe anyone completely in this world, including you,” Qianye Ying’er said in an indifferent tone. “You were the one who taught me these words.”

“Haha,” Gu Zhu let out a dry laugh. “This old slave feels very reassured in his heart to see Miss being able to think in such a way.”

“The inheritance of a Creation God, huh…” Gu Zhu slightly raised his eyes, as they once again shifted towards Yun Che’s silhouette. Even an immensely experienced person such as him was unable to remain indifferent when the two words “Creation God” were brought up, “No wonder, no wonder.”

“It’s just that there’s something my old self doesn’t understand. The Heavenly Slaughter Star God didn’t hesitate to go on her own to the Southern Divine Region, so her thirst for power could be considered quite strong. Since she succeeded in obtaining the power of Heretic God, why would she give it to Yun Che?”

“That’s a good question.” Qianye Ying’er slightly narrowed her beautiful eyes. There was a hint of extreme danger within her ice-cold eyes, “We should naturally go and ask about the reason from Yun Che, the person in question. Therefore, the thing I want to do now is to not let him enter the Eternal Heaven Divine Realm.”

“Miss wants to capture him secretly, and take away his Creation God’s divine power?” Gu Zhu asked.

Qianye Ying’er, however, shook her head in response, “We still don’t know whether it’s possible to take away the divine power of a Creation God. It’d be for the best if it’s possible, but if it’s not, I also need to make sure to have him under my control.”

“He was able to win against those of the Divine Spirit Realm with a cultivation in the Divine Tribulation Realm, and now he can win against Divine Kings with his cultivation in the Divine Spirit Realm. His strength far, far surpasses other profound practitioners of the same realm. In that case, if he reaches the limit of cultivation in the distant future and becomes an ultimate Divine Master, his strength will certainly surpass that of other ultimate Divine Masters. In other words… he will become invincible in the world!”

“If such a thing were to happen, even if he wouldn’t be considered a True God, he would still approximately be the same.”

These words of Qianye Ying’er’s were almost the same as what Jasmine had told Yun Che before.

“If I can bring such a person under my control, it would naturally be good thing. If I can’t, he must be eradicated as soon as possible.”

“Besides…” Qianye Ying’er’s voice paused for a moment, before she continued. “I have this feeling that he has many more secrets than just the Creation God’s divine power.”

“Only fifteen days are left before he enters the Eternal Heaven Divine Realm. During these fifteen days, he will stay under the protection of the Eternal Heaven Realm, so it might be difficult to come across a suitable opportunity.” Gu Zhu spoke in a slow voice, but each of his words would resound like a large bell in the depths of the soul of the listener.

It was easy to capture Yun Che, but to do so without letting anyone know was extremely difficult.

Qianye Ying’er’s blond hair danced in the air, despite the fact that there was no wind, and a bizarre, divine aura emerged from her body without making any sound. In a split second, even the light of the divine moon that was pouring down on her grew dim.

“If it’s difficult to find the opportunity, then we just have to create the opportunity. So what if the Eternal Heaven Realm is protecting him!?”

A loud shout rang out from far below:

“The Eternal Heaven Realm has arrived!”

As the controller of the dimensional profound formation, the Eternal Heaven God Realm was the last to arrive at the venue of the grand event. With the people from the Eternal Heaven Realm settling down in the main hall, there was less than an hour left before the official start of this god emperor’s wedding ceremony that had caused such a commotion in the entire Eastern Divine Region.

It was at this time that a bright beam of light shone all of a sudden, adding a bizarre splendor to the world that was completely bathing in the light of the divine moon. Everyone raised their heads subconsciously, only to see a gorgeous palace slowly rising above the sky of the main hall.

At this Divine Moon City, which was the core place of a king realm, this palace appeared to be quite “small and exquisite”. It was less than thirty meters tall, and not even a hundred meters in length. But the aura emitting from this small-sized palace made each and every expert of the Eastern Divine Region feel shaken in their hearts.

The bizarre light was also reflecting from this mysterious palace. This strange light didn’t seem all that strong, but it easily penetrated the light of the divine moon and flooded everyone’s line of sight.

“This is…” Huo Rulie revealed surprise as he suddenly thought of something.

“It’s the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace!” Yan Juehai said aloud. While speaking, his eyes were staring directly at the palace that was slowly rising into the sky. The extremely fervent look his eyes had in that instant was as if he was looking up at the celestial palace of a deity.

“Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace!”

“It’s… the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace!!”

Loud cries of surprise rang out immediately. When the four words “Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace” transmitted into the air, it quickly triggered a series of voices that didn’t pause for a long while.

“What is so unusual about this ‘Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace’?” Yun Che asked. All those who could arrive here were the topmost existences of the Eastern Divine Region, but despite that everyone turned pale upon hearing the four words “Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace”. It was easy to imagine that this palace flying in the sky was absolutely extraordinary.

“Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace is the highest level profound warship in this world. It is also one of the most powerful treasures of the Moon God Realm.” Mu Bingyun explained to Yun Che.

“Profound warship?” Yun Che was faintly startled, before his gaze returned to the palace that was emitting the bizarre divine light. Something of this size could only be a profound ark at most. There was simply too much of a difference between it and other warships that were easily over five hundred kilometers in size.

“In the records concerning the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace, some say it was created by the very first twelve Moon Gods of the Moon God Realm. Some other records say that it is a divine item that was left behind from the ancient Era of Gods. The space it contains within it is far greater than what you can see right now, and the most astonishing thing about it its flying speed…”

“Even when taking the whole God Realm into account, its flying speed could be called unrivaled under the heavens. It is said that even a god emperor would find it difficult to catch up to it when it travels at its fastest speed!”

“Even a God Emperor… would find it difficult to catch up to it?”

These words of Mu Bingyun’s were really shocking to Yun Che. A god emperor was the strongest existence in this world. If even a god emperor would find it difficult to catch up to it, didn’t that mean… there wasn’t anything that could chase after this Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace when it was traveling at its fastest speed!?

At the same time, it also meant that if one possessed this Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace, no matter what sort of enemy one encountered, even if it was a God Emperor, they could still escape safely—Eh, but that was only true if they could succeed in entering the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace in the first place. If the enemy happened to be an existence at the level of a Divine Master, one might not even get the chance to enter the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace.

“The highest level profound warship, huh. It fully deserves to be called the monarch among the profound battleships.” Huo Rulie sighed with emotion. “I didn’t think that I’d have the luck to actually get to see it today… Hmm? This is strange. Why would the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace suddenly appear at such a time?”

Inside the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace, the silhouette of a person could be seen slowly walking out in the midst of the strange light.

It was none other than the Moon God Emperor.

He was standing above the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace, with a faint smile on his face and his arms raised above his head. As everyone looked up at him, the vast voice of the god emperor poured down, “Esteemed guests, for you all to spare no hardship to be present at my Divine Moon City on this occasion, this king warmly welcomes you from the bottom of my heart. I feel extremely honored.”

There was still almost an hour before the wedding ceremony, but the Moon God Emperor had already appeared and addressed the guests. He seemed to be in an extremely good mood, so much so that even his coercion as a god emperor felt less suffocating, and more like a “refreshing” divine aura. “This king has been the Moon God Realm King for a very long time now. I have three hundred seventy one concubines in total, and the number of my grandchildren can be counted in thousands. However, I have never had an empress, which has always been a matter of great regret for this king.”

It was certainly true that he had “never had an empress”. Back then, although he had declared to the whole world that he has chosen Yue Wugou as his empress, an unforeseen event happened before she could officially become the empress.

“However, today, this king has invited the outstanding individuals of the Eastern Divine Region from far and wide, in order to be witness to this king marrying his God Empress, the one that will be the God Empress of my Moon God Realm!”

As the god emperor finished his words, the outstanding individuals present at this place became quiet, and no one dared respond on their own initiative. At this time, an extremely untimely voice rang out, “Since today she’s going to be the empress, what need is there to still keep her hidden? Could it be that this God Empress of you, Yue Wuya, is ashamed of seeing people?”

Upon hearing these words, the whole place became silent in a split second.

No one needed to look or even use their brains to know who could speak such words on such an occasion at this place. It could only be one person…

The Star God Emperor!

The disharmonious relationship between the Star God Realm and the Moon God Realm was known by everyone under the heavens. In the recent years, they had become even more hostile towards each other, which was due to what happened with Yue Wugou back then. Although people were panic-stricken upon hearing the cold and hateful response of the Star God Emperor at such a time, it wasn’t too unexpected for them, either.

But to everyone’s amazement, the Moon God Emperor didn’t get angry in the least, and instead reacted with a smile.

“Hahahaha,” the Moon God Emperor let out a very mild, loud laugh. No one could feel the slightest hint of concealed anger from his laughing voice, and his face was also brimming with joy, “The Star God Emperor is right. This is definitely a mistake on this king’s part.”

“However, there is a reason for this king deciding to do so, and I think most of you all have some understanding of it, too. More than thirty years ago, this king wanted to marry Yue Wugou as his empress, but she encountered the conspiracy of some villain on the eve of the wedding ceremony. Not only did I fail to keep Yue Wugou safe, this king also became a great laughingstock.”

All the people present at the place revealed surprise on their faces.

The matter of Yue Wugou was the biggest disgrace to the Moon God Emperor in his life. It was also why absolutely no one would dare mention the two words “Yue Wugou” in front of the Moon God Emperor. Otherwise, it would be no different from digging your own grave. But right now, the Moon God Emperor had actually taken the initiative to bring it up…

He was revealing the scar of his biggest disgrace in the presence of everyone!

Furthermore, despite talking about such a thing, the Moon God Emperor didn’t seem to be forcing himself or depressed. Rather, his whole face was brimming with a smile, as if he was mentioning some insignificant, trivial matter.

“Therefore, so as to guard against the villains out there and protect this king’s god empress, this king had to be a little cautious. I hope that everyone here will forgive me.”

Inside the main hall, the Brahma Monarch God Emperor, the Eternal Heaven God Emperor, and all the people from the Star God Realm had expressions of surprise on their faces. They totally didn’t think that, let alone getting angry at the Star God Emperor’s cold words, the Moon God Emperor would explain the situation patiently, and even expose his scar in an incomparably calm manner.

The Moon God Emperor they knew was absolutely not such a magnanimous person.

Seeing the smiling look of the Moon God Emperor, the Star God Emperor raised his brows. It felt as if he had unleashed an all-out punch on cotton, and such an outcome made his whole body experience an inexplicable discomfort.

“However, now that this day has finally come, this king naturally doesn’t need to complicate matters any longer. Although it is still not time for the wedding ceremony, since the Star God Emperor wishes it so, I can only comply.”

The tone of the Moon God Emperor’s voice changed all of a sudden, as a gentle, faint smile emerged on his face.

“Qingyue, show yourself and let everyone take a look at you.”