Chapter 1273 - My Worthy Son-in-law, My Worthy Son-in-law

The seating area in the main hall was for the most privileged ones where only those from the king realms were allowed to sit. Even the guests from the upper star realms didn’t have the qualifications to go in there.

Everyone from the Snow Song Realm were taken aback at the sudden development. But soon after, they didn’t feel too much surprise in their hearts, and instead found it “only natural”.

It was because Yun Che was definitely not an ordinary disciple of the Snow Song Realm now. His glorious performance in the Conferred God Battle had intensely stimulated the entire God Realm. Not only the god emperors, but even the Dragon Monarch himself had a strong desire to rope him in.

It would be absolutely reasonable for someone like him to receive such preferential treatment from the Moon God Realm!

But to everyone’s surprise, Yun Che shook his head in a clear display of refusal, as he said apologetically, “I’m quite thankful to the Moon God Emperor and the two of you for your kind intentions, but as this humble one is a disciple from the Snow Song Realm, I should sit together with the other people of my sect.”

The two moon guards revealed astonishment, but they didn’t insist any further, “In that case, we’ll respect Sir Yun’s wish. If Sir Yun has any instructions for us, please feel free to let us know without any reservations.”

“Please enter!”

The members from the Snow Song Realm also felt honored by the change in their attitude and their respectful tone of voice. Looking at Yun Che beside Mu Bingyun, who was standing in the front, all of them deeply sighed with emotion in their hearts… He was not in the least eye-catching when he had just entered the sect three years ago, but now, he had reached such heights that he had already surpassed everyone from the sect, and even the Snow Song Realm…

He alone had become the greatest glory of the Snow Song Realm.

“Brother Yun, over here!”

The moment he entered the place, he heard Huo Poyun’s joyful shout.

Those from the Flame God Ream had already settled down in their places, and only Huo Rulie, Yan Juehai and Huo Poyun sitting at the main table. The relationship between the Snow Song Realm and the Flame God Realm had subtly changed after the Conferred God Battle because of the fact that Yun Che possessed the powers of both the Golden Crow and the Phoenix.

Yun Che didn’t show any reservation and headed towards them with Mu Bingyun and Mu Huanzhi, as they sat at the same main table. Looking around them, the place was already packed with several million people.

The two parties greeted each other, after which Huo Poyun asked impatiently, “Brother Yun, what kind of place is the Star God Realm? Does it also seem illusory like the Moon God Realm?”

Yun Che nodded his head, “Moon God Realm is enshrouded with moonlight, and the sky of the Star God Realm is fully covered with stars. Thinking about it now, it certainly gives off an illusory feeling, too.”

“Then… have you learned Star God’s Broken Shadow?”

“Mn, I’ve attained some success in its practice.”

“Did the Heavenly Slaughter Star God really teach you personally? How does the Heavenly Slaughter Star God look? It is said that she is super fearsome. Were you… um, alright staying over there?”

“…The Heavenly Slaughter Star God is not as fearsome as the rumors say.”

“But, I heard that during the second year after she inherited the divine power, the Heavenly Slaughter Star God massacred tens of thousands of people in one of the star regions of the Moon God Realm, and after that…”

“Cough cough, don’t presumptuously discuss the affairs between king realms.” Huo Rulie cut off Huo Poyun’s words with a low voice. “This place is the Moon God Realm, you know.”

“…Understood.” Huo Poyun stopped speaking any further.

Listening to the talk between Yun Che and Huo Poyun, Mu Bingyun slightly raised the corner of her lips. There was no one who knew or would believe the extremely deep bond between the Heavenly Slaughter Star God and Yun Che. It was even more difficult to believe that when he was still just a ten-odd year old boy in the lower realms, Yun Che had accompanied this star god, who was so feared in the God Realm, day and night.

“Yun Che,” Yan Juehai called out, as he said in a very low but serious tone of voice. “There’s something that I still don’t get.”

“The ‘Goddess’ may be the most beautiful woman in the universe, but if you were to be close to her, it would cause countless people to hate you out of jealousy. Therefore, you refusing the proposal of the Brahma Heaven God Emperor might be the right choice. Why would you refuse the Dragon Emperor and the Eternal Heaven God Emperor, though?”

“This junior has his own considerations for choosing to do so.” Yun Che also replied in a serious voice.

Due to the connection of the Phoenix flame, Yan Juehai had subconsciously begun to feel closer to Yun Che now. He said as he looked at Yun Che, “Although I don’t know the reason behind your choice, you absolutely must not underestimate the effect of the sensation you caused during the Conferred God Battle. It'd be even more unwise to underestimate the meaning of being favored by these god emperors. You may not be aware of this but there has never been a youngster that has stood out as much as you, even when considering the entire history of the God Realm.”

Yan Juehai sounded as if he was exaggerating things, but no one revealed astonishment on their face. It was because all of them knew that he had spoken the truth.

“It might make you guys uncomfortable for me to say this, but Yun Che is no longer an existence that the Snow Song Realm can have. Yun Che, you are an ownerless individual in the eyes of a lot of people. I believe you’re well aware of what would happen if the shiniest pearl since time immemorial were to appear without any owner. The Snow Song Realm cannot keep you safe, and it’s even more impossible for you to protect yourself… The thing you need the most right now is to have a powerful enough backing, or be affiliated to such a party.”

There was quite similarity between Yan Juehai’s words and Jasmine’s warning to him.

Huo Rulie also nodded slowly, “Be it becoming the direct disciple of the Eternal Heaven God Emperor or becoming the adopted son of the Dragon Monarch, both of them are absolutely good choices.”

No one from the Snow Song Realm side said anything in rebuttal. They say that treasuring a jade ring becomes a crime, and having such a person as Yun Che was such a monstrous crime that it would cause a sensation across the entire God Realm.

Yun Che nodded his head, as he said in a very calm manner, “I thank both sect masters for the advice. This junior is going to enter the Eternal Heaven Divine Realm for now, and will plan what to do after leaving the Eternal Heaven Pearl.”

“Mn.” Having said their piece, Huo Rulie and Yan Juehai didn’t say anything more on the matter.

Haah… Looking at Yun Che first before shifting his gaze to Huo Poyun, Huo Rulie let out a long sigh in his heart. The two of them were close in age, but Huo Poyun almost had his conviction quashed after suffering crushing defeat during the Conferred God Battle. On the other hand, despite the fact that Yun Che was continuously in limelight and also had an unimaginably huge pressure on him, he was calm like an old monk.

Moreover, even if their strength was not taken into consideration, there was still a world of difference between their mental states.

More and more guests arrived, and the enormous outer seating area was accommodating all the visitors from the middle star realms and the lower star realms. But there was no doubt that the place that was getting the most attention was where the Snow Song Realm and the Flame God Realm were seated.

It was because there was no one in the Eastern Divine Region who didn’t know of the name “Snow Song Realm” now.

Due to Huo Poyun, and even more because of Yun Che, the Flame God Realm had also become quite well-known. Especially, the Golden Crow flame and the Phoenix flame had once again made everyone aware of the might of divine flames on the Conferred God Stage… On the contrary, only a few remembered the Vermilion Bird flame which was the strongest of the three divine flames.

Besides, the only two people from the middle star realms who had successfully entered the Conferred God Battle were from the Snow Song Realm and the Flame God Realm. Furthermore, Yun Che had also become the pride of all the young profound practitioners of the middle and lower star realms. It was due to him thoroughly ending the “monopoly” of the upper star realms when it came to the Conferred God Battle. It made them feel an unprecedented level of elatedness.

Countless ambiguous or blazing gazes were focused towards the two star realms, containing various emotions like envy, reverence, admiration, and of course, jealousy as well. There was no doubt that most of these gazes were directed towards Yun Che.

“Flying Star Realm has arrived!”

…………

“Divine Martial Realm has arrived!”

…………

“Origin Spirit Great Realm has arrived!”

…………

“Glazed Light Realm has arrived!”

Only those from the king realms and the upper star realms could have their arrival announced by the Moon Guards. As the sky shook with their voices, the group from Glazed Light Realm swiftly arrived, with blue light faintly overflowing in the surroundings.

In the forefront was naturally the Glazed Light Realm King, Shui Qianheng. Behind him, Yun Che could see Shui Yingyue, Shui Yinghen, as well as Shui Meiyin who was dressed in a black skirt and possessed enchanting, black eyes.

Almost at the same instant Yun Che looked at them, Shui Meiyin’s eyes came into contact with Yun Che’s, without the slightest deviation or delay, which made her slightly curve her brows. She called out in a crisp and sharp voice, “Big Brother Yun Che!”

The lovely shout greatly numbed the bones of those who heard it.

Shui Qianheng turned his gaze, before heading straight over to Yun Che’s side with big strides like a streaming star.

Who was Shui Qianheng? He was the ruler of one of the three giants among the upper star realms. He was such a transcendent existence that these people from middle and lower star realms didn’t even have the qualifications to call him daddy. Upon his arrival, all the profound practitioners hurriedly got up from their seats to pay their respects, but he didn’t so much as glance at them and walked over to Yun Che as he shortened the distance between them with great strides. Before Yun Che could show any reaction, he grandly patted his shoulder, “Hahahaha, my worthy son-in-law, I see that you’ve already arrived here. I needlessly spent so much time looking for you in the Eternal Heaven God Realm.”

Yun Che was about to bow to him as a junior, when his ears buzzed with his mind-tingling, loud laughter. Afterwards, he almost spit on Shui Qianheng’s face upon hearing the term he had used to address him.

My worthy… My worthy son-in-law??

All the people who had stood up to greet him, like Yan Juehai, Mu Huanzhi and the rest, had dumbstruck looks on their faces.

“Eh… Senior Shui.” Yun Che somehow managed to get his greeting out.

Shui Qianheng raised his brows, as he said in a dissatisfied manner, “Haah! What do you mean by Senior Shui? Why are you acting so distant? Just call me father-in-law.”

Yun Che, “~！@#￥%…”

Shui Meiyin’s face became red. She said in a bashful and timid manner, “Daddy, I’ve not married Big Brother Yun Che yet, you know.”

Shui Qianheng grandly waved his hand, “In any case, it’s going to happen sooner or later, so it doesn’t matter even if we start addressing each other in such a manner before the marriage. I was even willing to give up on the Divine Water of Absolute Beginning, so there’s no way I’d not acknowledge such a good son-in-law.”

Shui Qianheng said the five words “Divine Water of Absolute Beginning” in a very heavy voice, as if he was worried that the people in the surroundings would not be able to hear them.

Three black lines surfaced on the forehead of everyone from the Snow Song Realm… They clearly remembered how he was so furious because of the matter concerning Shui Meiyin back then that he was dying to slap Yun Che dead, then and there. Such a change in his attitude was really a bit too excessive!

Furthermore, how the heck does it have anything to do with you, Shui Qianheng!? It was Shui Meiyin who stole it without caring about the consequences, and then Shui Yinghen who brought it over stealthily while trembling with fear.

If it was discovered by Shui Qianheng at the time… Hmm, Shui Meiyin would have been fine, no matter how great of a mistake she had committed, but as for Shui Yinghen… even breaking his legs would have been considered a light punishment.

Shui Yinghen’s teeth clattered and the corner of his mouth twitched, before he asked Shui Yingyue in a low voice, “Has our royal father always been so shameless?”

Shui Yingyue nodded her head.

Other people wouldn’t even dare to harbor the extravagant wish of becoming Shui Qianheng’s son-in-law, no matter how many times they were born. But at this moment, everyone could see that Shui Qianheng was proactively clinging to Yun Che, without any regard for his reputation. Looking at his attitude, let alone his younger daughter that he pampered the most, if Yun Che asked for both of his daughters, he would still absolutely not be displeased by it, and might even do it while grinning from ear to ear.

It was because the other party was none other than Yun Che… the “child of the heavens”, that even the Brahma Heaven God Emperor wanted to be his son-in-law.

Yun Che was not able to agree or disagree with him in such a situation, so he could only let out a dry laugh in response.

“My worthy son-in-law, you should be preparing to enter the Eternal Heaven Pearl after participating in this wedding ceremony.” Shui Qianheng’s tone was quite high, as if he totally didn’t care about other people listening to his words. “Although it’s said that everyone will have a small world of their own upon entering, so long as the other party allows entry, it is possible to enter the small world of someone else. You and Meiyin need to take care of and support each other. In this way, your growth will certainly be much faster than usual, and you can deepen the feelings between you two as well.”

“When you come out of the Eternal Heaven Divine Realm three years later, this king will immediately hold the wedding ceremony for you two! I think that would be an even better time for you two to get married, hahahaha.”

“Heehee, father is so nice” Shui Meiyin’s fine brows curved like crescent moons.

“Ah… Ha… Haha.” Yun Che continued to laugh dryly.

Shui Yinghen stretched open his five fingers, as he face-palmed with force.

“A grand event of the Moon God Realm is going to be held today, so I’ll stop here for now. Tomorrow, we father-in-law and son-in-law will have a good chat over a cup of tea, hahahaha!”

After laughing aloud once again, Shui Qianheng finally let go Yun Che, and walked away in large strides.

“Big Brother Yun Che…” Shui Meiyin called out in a very light voice. She waved her hand towards him and stuck out her charming tongue, as she followed behind Shui Qianheng.

As if he was ashamed to see people, Shui Yinghen also fled in a hurried and panicked manner, without even bidding his farewell to Yun Che.

“Haah…” Yun Che let out a long breath in relaxation. He had just sat down when he suddenly heard Shui Qianheng’s voice beside his ear:

“You need to stay in the Eternal Heaven God Realm before entering the Eternal Heaven Pearl. Do not go anywhere else. I’ll also be staying in the Eternal Heaven God Realm until you and Meiyin enter the Eternal Heaven Pearl… There are definitely people out there who don’t hope to see you entering the Eternal Heaven Pearl, so you must be careful… You need to be especially careful of the Brahma Monarch Goddess!”

Yun Che turned his head in the direction of Shui Qianheng, only to discover that he had already gone so far away that even his silhouette couldn’t be seen.