Chapter 1296 - The Last Hope

Beneath that red line, more than ten strands of severed golden hair remained floating in the air. However, Qianye Ying’er’s figure started to grow thin and hollow before directly vanishing into thin air.

Xia Qingyue’s originally gloomy and dark eyes finally regained some of their previous vigor, and it was also at this moment that she suddenly sensed the presence of profound energy… That red crack had not only broken apart Qianye Ying’er’s afterimage and severed a few strands of her hair, it had also broken the profound energy seal that had been placed on her and Yun Che.

In front of her, a red figure soundlessly appeared from midair. She coldly gazed at the Qianye Ying’er who had instantly blinked away to a spot several kilometers away from here. The bright red dagger she held in her hand radiated a fearsomely cold light… yet this cold light was nothing compared to the ice-cold killing intent radiating from her eyes.

A girl dressed in rainbow robes descended from the sky at this moment before standing at her side. Astonishingly enough, this young girl was holding an azure greatsword that was much bigger than her small and delicate body.

Jasmine and Caizhi!

Crack...

A very light cracking sound rang out in the air and following the appearance of a scarlet crack, one corner of Qianye Ying’er’s golden mask smoothly broke off and fell to the ash-gray ground.

If she had been slower by even a fraction of a second, her face and even her entire skull would have been split open by that red line.

Because that was the Heavenly Slaughter Star God’s God Slaying Blade!

She extended a finger and lightly traced the incomparably smooth surface of that broken off piece, the eyes underneath that golden mask suddenly flashed with an extremely dangerous golden light.

“Quickly take him away!” Both Jasmine’s eyes and expression were dreadfully dark and serious. That killing intent, which had the faint smell of fresh blood mixed in, had practically engulfed the entire starting location of the God Realm of Absolute Beginning.

Xia Qingyue’s body flashed and she arrived at Yun Che’s side. She gathered Yun Che into her arms, but she did not make any move to leave… She had clearly just escaped danger and her jade mien was still a ghastly white.

Because the only one who had escaped danger was her. Yun Che’s Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark...

“Why are you still standing around for? Hurry up and get out of here!!" 

When she saw that Xia Qingyue had not moved for a while, Jasmine’s tone immediately grew several degrees more serious and anxious. Xia Qingyue did not recognize her, but she had known Xia Qingyue since twelve years ago.

When she and Caizhi had just arrived, Yun Che was already knocked unconscious so she did not know that Qianye Ying’er had placed the Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark on Yun Che. Otherwise, she would, on the contrary, have absolutely not asked Xia Qingyue to flee with Yun Che.

Xia Qingyue gritted her jade teeth together tightly. But with Qianye Ying’er nearby, it did not allow her even the slightest bit of hesitation. She swiftly summoned the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace and carried Yun Che inside before fleeing far away in the next instant.

Qianye Ying’er did not try to stop them… It was as if she felt that there was no need to do so.

The Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace raced away at its maximum speed as it flew into distant sky above… In that place towered a swirling pale white vortex. That was the exit of the God Realm of Absolute Beginning.

Jasmine silently breathed a sigh of relief and the aura that she had fixed on Qianye Ying’er grew even colder as her killing intent grew even more dreadful.

Whether it was Xia Qingyue and Yun Che’s escape, or the Heavenly Slaughter Star God’s killing intent, it did not cause Qianye Ying’er’s expression to change in the slightest. Her finger left the curved surface of the broken corner of her mask as she slowly strode forward and drew nearer to Jasmine and Caizhi. As she walked forward, she spoke in a languid voice, “With just the two of you alone, there’s no way you could get rid of Uncle Gu in such a short period of time. It looks like you have other accomplices as well… Could it be that there’s a third Star God?”

“Qian… ye!!” A boundless seething hatred was somehow contained within those two short words. No matter whether it was Jasmine or Caizhi, Qianye Ying’er was the person they hated the most in their lives.

Because she was the one who had indirectly caused the death of Jasmine’s mother, had been the direct cause of their brother’s death, and had very nearly killed Jasmine as well.

“Heavenly Slaughter, if you were hidden in the shadows, I would still be somewhat wary of you. But not only have you chosen to appear before me, you have even brought along that wolf pup who hasn’t grown up yet…” Qianye Ying’er’s voice suddenly grew cold as she continued to speak, “Did you two sisters come specially to die today?”

Jasmine’s killing intent grew even more condensed as she pointed the God Slaying Blade forward, the edge of the blade flashing with a bloody light that no one could look at directly, “Today, the one who is about to die is you!”

“With that being said, aren’t you going to explain why you had chased us to this place?” Qianye Ying’er was growing closer and closer and even though she was facing down two great Star Gods, her now-cold voice did not sound the least bit tense, “The God Realm of Absolute Beginning, what a perfect burial ground. It can’t be that the two of you have really come to this place to die, correct? Or are you prepared to tell me… that you’ve come specially to kill me? But I’m thinking that you, Heavenly Slaughter, can’t be so stupid as to think that, correct?”

“You should have died a long time ago!” Jasmine said coldly. But within her heart of hearts, she understood better than anyone that she would definitely not be able to kill Qianye Ying’er in her current situation… Even her and Caizhi added together would definitely not be able to kill her.

She had brought along Caizhi and moved towards the Moon God Realm at the fastest speed possible because she was afraid that Yun Che would lose control of his emotions the moment he saw Xia Qingyue, inducing the great wrath of the Moon God Realm… Given Yun Che’s temperament, that outcome was most definitely within the realm of possibility.

After they had reached the Moon God Realm, Xia Qingyue had already fled together with Yun Che… However, she had suddenly sensed Qianye Ying’er’s aura moving into the distance and astonishingly enough, her aura was moving in the direction that the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace had fled in.

Jasmine knew more than anyone else just how dreadful Qianye Ying’er was. Once she realized this, she could no longer be bothered about the consequences and she brought Caizhi along with her as she tailed them.

“Since you wanted to kill me so much that you’ve chased me all the way here, why don’t you make your move?” Qianye Ying’er grew ever closer and she was already within three hundred meters of them. At their current level, that distance was no more than a single instant to any one of them.

“...” Jasmine’s brows sank by yet another degree. She was rather puzzled and suspicious. Because why had Qianye Ying’er not become the least bit anxious now that Xia Qingyue had fled together with Yun Che?

“Oh, I know now.” Qianye Ying’er’s lips curved up as she looked as if she had suddenly seen the light, “It turns out that you are trying to stall for enough time to allow them to escape, aren’t you?"

Jasmine, “...”

“It’s just that I’m really curious. You did not hesitate to bring along this wolf pup and chase us all the way here from the Eastern Divine Region. So, in the end, was it to protect the divine power of the Heretic God, or was it to… protect your little lover?”

The color of Jasmine’s face dramatically changed as her eyes flashed with a scarlet light, “What… did… you… say!?”

“Big Sister…” The color of Caizhi’s face had also changed as well.

“Oh? Hahahaha…” Upon seeing Jasmine’s reaction, Qianye Ying’er let out a big laugh, “The other time, I personally saw you weeping in pain because of Yun Che, but I still could not quite bring myself to believe it. But right now, it looks like no matter how unbelievable or unfathomable this whole thing is, it is one hundred percent true. To think that the distinguished elder princess of the Star God Realm, the one who is seen as the most bloodthirsty and merciless Star God in the eyes of the world, would actually fall in love with a man, and a man from the lower realms at that. This is all very entertaining, simply far too entertaining.”

She had personally witnessed her… weeping in pain?

Jasmine’s eyes widened as a startled red glow suddenly radiated, “What exactly did you hear!”

“Heh heh, whatever you spoke to that wolf pup at that time, I heard all of it,” Qianye Ying’er said in a cheery voice. “To think that the heart of the Heavenly Slaughter Star God, whose spiritual perception is said to be the sharpest within the God Realm, would actually be thrown into such disorder because of a man, that even though my divine senses pierced the isolating barrier that you erected, you were none the wiser. Right now, I am indeed extremely curious as to what earth-shaking thing Yun Che did in order to steal the soul of a calamitous star like you, whose hands are stained with fresh blood and whom everybody dreads.”

“QIAN… YE!!” The same two words were now said with even more of an icy dark hatred than before, but at the same time, her heart had also sunk heavily in her chest… When she had suddenly seen Yun Che in the Eternal Heaven God Realm that day, she had felt as if her heart had been smashed by a heavenly hammer, she had been thrown into complete chaos and had even given Caizhi a fierce and harsh scolding afterwards...

Yet she had not even sensed the slightest trace of Qianye Ying’er’s presence!

And she had even heard everything that she and Caizhi had spoken about!

At this time, shi finally understood why Qianye Ying’er had chased Yun Che to this place… It had actually been her negligence that caused Yun Che to be targeted by Qianye Ying’er!

Furthermore, once you were targeted by this demoness who was more dreadful than a devil, if you were the slightest bit inattentive, you would be completely doomed!

“Big Sister, it’s… all… my… fault…” Caizhi’s lips had turned pale and her voice was shaking, “If not for me…”

“It has nothing to do with you!” Jasmine gave a cold rebuke. Originally, she had indeed only wanted to delay Qianye Ying’er with all her strength in order to buy time for Yun Che to flee. But right now, a desire to kill Qianye Ying’er, which was far more intense than it had been at any other time, had been birthed in her heart.

Because as long she was still alive, Yun Che would never have a moment of peace!

“Qianye, let me tell you one thing,” Jasmine said through gritted teeth. “The power of the Heretic God is something that can’t be stolen. No matter how great or grand your methods are, it still isn’t possible. So you should just give up.”

“Oh? So what?”

“...” Jasmine understood very well that Qianye Ying’er definitely would not lose any “interest” in Yun Che simply based on what she had just said. She took a step forward, the bloody light of her God Slaying Blade flashing, “Also, today is the day that you… must… die!!”

As that last word fell, Jasmine’s body had already vanished and morphed into flying afterimages which filled the sky. The God Slaying Blade drew countless scarlet traces in the air as they shot directly towards Qianye Ying’er…

-----------------------

Outside the God Realm of Absolute Beginning, the great battle between Gu Zhu and that icy-blue figure continued.

Gu Zhu’s body was so ancient and withered that it resembled a corpse, but each wave of his hand summoned a dense and dreadful storm within the Primal Chaos Dimension as he steadily suppressed that icy-blue figure.

BANG——

A thread of long and silky energy smashed against them, and the blue light which covered the heavens was completely extinguished. The icy-blue figure had also been blasted far away, and their entire body was shaking. It seemed like they had sustained an injury.

Gu Zhu did not press home his attack. He merely said in a tepid voice, “Are you still not prepared to use your full strength?”

The icy-blue figure remained mute as the edge of her sword rose once more… As long as she could keep him here, then there would be no need for her to go all out. Furthermore, she could not go all out either, because once her profound art was exposed, it would definitely reveal her identity and the consequences of that would be incomparably serious.

But it was at this time that both of them could feel the flow of energy in the distance. After that, the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace emerged from the pale white vortex and sped towards the south at a crazy speed.

Once he saw the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace, Gu Zhu’s old eyes suddenly flashed with a strange light. Both of his hands shot out, and just as he was about to engulf the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace in one of his storms, the blue figure appeared in front of him in a flash, and a curtain of ice fell straight down from above, securely sealing away the storm he had conjured...

The Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace was not affected in the slightest, and in the blink of an eye, it had disappeared into the regions south of the God Realm of Absolute Beginning. Given its peerlessly fast speed and the impediment of the icy-blue figure, Gu Zhu would definitely not be able to chase after it.

Within the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace, the lights had been dimmed.

Xia Qingyue had already changed into a set of moon robes just like her last. She knelt in that place as she tightly cradled the still unconscious Yun Che in her arms. Disordered strands of long hair had fallen onto Yun Che’s chest and his extremely pale face as she did so...

His face continued to distort as if he was experiencing extreme pain and the trace of blood that flowed from the corner of his mouth was even more eye-catching and startling… She hugged Yun Che even tighter, as if she was hugging a baby which had fallen severely ill, her heart filled with boundless grief and sorrow.

The Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark… The most dreadful curse in the entire world...

Why did he have to be afflicted with something like this...

There was no way that Qianye Ying’er would release him from it, and killing Qianye Ying’er… was wishful thinking that was more fantastical than any fairy tale.

What exactly could she do now...

Within the stifling silence, the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace had flown very far away. Once she had confirmed that they had escaped the area of anybody’s perception, a simple thought caused the Vanishing Moon Celestial Palace to turn as it changed direction and flew straight towards the west.

That was where the Western Divine Region lay.

That person...

Perhaps she could save him...

No, she could definitely save him!!

She closed her eyes as she desperately muttered over and over again a name that existed within one of the memory fragments that had been given to her… as well as that forbidden land that no one could approach.

She could definitely save him… she definitely could...

She consoled herself over and over again, using all of her will to convince herself of this infinitesimal hope...