Chapter 1308 - Transformation

After she obtained the answer she wanted, Mu Xuanyin’s heart, which had been teetering on the edge for a long time, finally started to relax. She did not say another word, and her gaze shifted away from Xia Qingyue’s body. After that, her figure slowly melted into the empty air, her aura disappearing as well.

Fifty years, could he truly wait for fifty years?

Xia Qingyue made a light curtsy to the place where she had been standing before turning around and leaving.

“Since Shen Xi made an exception for Yun Che and allowed him to stay, whether it was to keep a secret or due to the Heart of Glazed Glass in your body, there was no reason not to ask you to stay as well.” Mu Xuanyin’s cold and clear voice suddenly rang out once again behind Xia Qingyue, “Why did you give up this opportunity that other people would never even be able to beg for. Rather, you decided to return to a place where you’ve been judged completely guilty?”

Xia Qingyue’s footsteps halted and she gave a gloomy reply, “The Moon God Emperor is someone to whom I owe a great debt of gratitude for saving my life, and for grooming me up to be his successor, he is also the person who is responsible for saving my mother’s life, heart, and soul. Yet I have never repaid for him and I grievously wounded his reputation instead. If I just walk away from him… how can I have any face to continue existing in this world anymore?”

Mu Xuanyin furrowed her eyebrows slightly, “...Your mother?”

“Yue Wugou,” In front of this woman who did not hesitate to infiltrate the Moon God Realm for Yun Che’s sake, Xia Qingyue frankly spoke about this secret.

“...!!” Mu Xuanyin’s gaze shook in that instant but she did not feel too much shock upon hearing those words. On the contrary, she felt a sort of relief wash over her. No wonder she had the Heart of Glazed Glass, it was actually all because she had been birthed by the Stainless Divine Body.

“Moreover, what can I accomplish by staying in that place?” Xia Qingyue said with a soft sigh filled with emotion, “After leaving that place with him fifty years later, we would have no choice but to continue to hide, run, and forever be under the protection of you and others like you. We’d have no choice but to live desperately every single day while trembling in fear.”

Mu Xuanyin’s brows deeply furrowed, “What are you trying to say?”

Xia Qingyue turned around, once again meeting her icy eyes, “Qianye Ying’er already knows the greatest secret about Yun Che’s body. Because of that, she did not hesitate to inflict the Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark on him. While he is in the Forbidden Land of Samsara for the next fifty years, Qianye Ying’er won’t be able to touch him, but what’s going to happen in fifty years? Do you think that Qianye Ying’er will stop then?”

Mu Xuanyin coldly replied, “She won’t.”

“You are his master, someone who shows the utmost care and concern for him. Since that’s the case, do you dare to kill Qianye Ying’er and rid him of this danger forever?” Xia Qingyue asked.

“...” Mu Xuanyin’s icy eyes focused slightly, “I don’t dare to and I can’t kill her anyways.”

“Right, you don’t dare to.” Xia Qingyue gave a light shake of her head, “My mother was not harmed by the Star God Realm all those years ago, she was harmed by Qianye Ying’er. Yet the Moon God Emperor dared to vent his wrath against the Star God Realm, but he chose to endure it when confronted with the real truth. Everyone under heaven knows that the Star God Emperor’s son, the Heavenly Wolf Star God Xisu, died because of Qianye Ying’er, yet the Star God Emperor also chose to endure this.”

“All of you don’t dare to do anything, and as strong as all of you are, not a single one of you have dared to make a move against Qianye Ying’er. Thus… in fifty years, the Yun Che and I who have been targeted by Qianye Ying’er will still only be able to hide, flee, endure, and forever live under her dark shadow, to never be able to attain true peace and security… until we one day fall completely into her hands. All our previous grievances and hatred will also never be paid back to her.”

“...” Mu Xuanyin did not refute her words, nor was she able to.

“During those few days that I spent with Yun Che, I experienced many moments of helplessness. The helplessness I felt when I had to make a choice, the helplessness I felt when I abandoned something, the helplessness I felt in the face of absolute power, the helplessness I felt when I was facing death, the helplessness I felt when I was being humiliated, the helplessness I felt when I came face to face with the Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark… Even more than that, it reminded me of the helplessness I felt when I was confronted by the calamity that struck my sect all those years ago, and the helplessness that I felt when I was unable to return home from the God Realm…”

“I’ve already… come to hate this kind of feeling.”

“Just what exactly are you trying to say?” Mu Xuanyin asked.

Xia Qingyue raised her head to the sky and closed her eyes before she spoke in slow and measured tones, “Back then, the Moon God Emperor told me that my possession of both the Heart of Glazed Glass and the Nine Profound Exquisite Body was a ‘divine miracle’ unheard of and unprecedented in the entire history of the God Realm. Even the Eternal Heaven Ancestor back in the day was not my equal. Yet, I just so happened to lack the one thing that matched my natural gifts… the most important thing in fact…”

“Ambition!”

Mu Xuanyin, “...”

She looked at Mu Xuanyin before suddenly asking, “Senior Mu, compared to me, Yun Che, who inherited the divine power of a Creation God, is even more suited to be called a ‘divine miracle’ that has been gifted to us by the heavens, and the nine stage lightning tribulation is the greatest proof of this. Then, in Senior’s eyes, what is the one thing that he happens to lack the most?”

“Ambition,” Mu Xuanyin replied without any hesitation.

As long as one was an outstanding talent, who would not want their names to be known far and wide, who would not want to establish their own schools or sects, who would not want to look down proudly upon the rest of the world? Even when one reached the level of the king realms, they were all still desperately chasing after and searching for that illusory and vague divine way.

Yun Che’s aptitude could only be described as monstrous and he possessed the sole Creation God inheritance in the universe, yet he did not have a shred of that kind of ambition. His growth was exceedingly fast, but in the eyes of other profound practitioners, the reason for his desperate growth was so simplistic and pure that it was patently absurd… No one would believe that he had no interest whatsoever in the four words “Conferred God Number One” if it was not for the sake of meeting Jasmine.

Even his arrival in the God Realm was motivated by something completely different from pursuing even higher levels of the divine way, he had come here just to meet with Jasmine.

“That’s right…” Xia Qingyue nodded as she gave a soft sigh, “He is the one person that has the most qualifications to be ambitious, the one person who should possess such ambition, yet it just so happens that the one thing that he lacks is this ambition. The things that he cares about the most have always been his family and his women. Ambition… he never had it in the past and perhaps he will never have in the future either.”

“And since he won’t have it, then I… need to have it.”

“You’ve said all these things, but what exactly are you going to do?” Mu Xuanyin’s icy eyes grew focused yet again. The oppressive feeling rolling off of Xia Qingyue’s body was becoming more and more clear, she definitely had not been mistaken about it.

Xia Qingyue’s profound strength was only at the first level of the Divine Spirit Realm, yet she could make Mu Xuanyin feel pressure. This was something that transcended all logic.

“Since none of you dare to, will not and cannot kill Qianye Ying’er, then it’s up to me to do it,” Xia Qingyue said those words in a very soft and gentle voice, as if she was merely talking about an ordinary, everyday thing. “The heavens gifted me with the Heart of Glazed Glass and the Nine Profound Exquisite Body, then I will follow the will of the heavens and do something that a ‘person of divine miracles’ ought to do. Even if I have to put my life on the line, even if I have to be unscrupulous, I will not allow him or myself to be forced to live under her dark shadow!”

“...You want to kill… Qianye?” Mu Xuanyin coldly said. “What basis do you have to say such a thing?”

“It isn’t about having any basis or right to say such a thing, it is because I have no other choice.”

“You’re taking this far too lightly.” Mu Xuanyin gave her a deep look, “The reason why Qianye Ying’er is so dreadful isn’t because of herself alone. She has the Brahma Monarch God Realm behind her, she has countless admirers in the Eastern, Western and Southern Divine Regions and just a single word from her would cause countless strong individuals to go crazy for her or even rush to their deaths.”

“I know,” Xia Qingyue said softly. “So… If I am defeated or killed, I will have to trouble Senior Mu to fetch him from the Forbidden Land of Samsara fifty years from now and advise him to stay in the Dragon God Realm.”

“Oh yes,” Xia Qingyue continued, “I have already severed all ties with him, so we are no longer husband and wife, and he and I have nothing to do with one another another. So everything that I do from this day forward, whether it goes well or does not, whether it results in fortune or disaster, whether it is righteous or evil, whether I am dead or alive, it has nothing to do with him. I can also assure Senior that whatever ‘unscrupulous things’ I do in the future will definitely not involve Senior Mu or the Snow Song Realm.”

“If in the future, I am fortunate enough to be able to create a big enough opportunity, I would also trouble Senior Mu to send him back to the world that he wishes to return to. In the end, he really doesn’t belong here, while I… can no longer return.”

After bowing heavily towards Mu Xuanyin, Xia Qingyue turned around and left. Her slow and plodding footsteps gradually carried her out of Mu Xuanyin’s sight.

Those footsteps had been extremely heavy, as if they were weighted down by extremely heavy shackles, as if she was resolutely walking towards an endless abyss.

Mu Xuanyin stood there silently, her icy brows knit tight, surging waves crashing around in her heart

On the day of the wedding ceremony in the Moon God Realm, she had hidden herself in the air above and had seen Xia Qingyue once from afar. At that time, Xia Qingyue’s eyes had been cold and lifeless, and it was as if she was trapped in a endless daze… to the point where it seemed completely empty and vacant, as if she was trapped in a dream she had not woken up from.

But today’s Xia Qingyue was practically a different person from the Xia Qingyue she had seen previously.

When a person received consecutive violent blows, it could indeed caused a person’s heart and mentality to change within a short period of time, to the point where it could completely transform a person… But if Xia Qingyue had transformed, it had really been far too drastic.

Furthermore, that subtle oppressive feeling that she felt in her soul was definitely not something a “transformation” could bring about.

“Is she serious about this?” Mu Xuanyin muttered softly to herself. She was shocked at her own reaction… Because the words that Xia Qingyue said, the words that tumbled from the lips of a girl who was not even thirty years of age, a girl whose profound strength had only reached the Divine Spirit Realm, they should have been something completely absurd and ridiculous.

This was the Moon God Realm, an extremely dangerous place, and Mu Xuanyin was unable to linger for too long. Her figure and aura once again melted away into the air, and she did not leave a single trace behind.

As she left the Moon God Realm and soared through the vast and empty aether, Mu Xuanyin’s figure reappeared, and she quietly looked towards the west. After a long while, she let out a soft sigh before saying, “Che’er, the fruits of what happened today… Have you ever regretted coming to the God Realm?”

--------------------------

Western Divine Region, Dragon God Realm, Forbidden Land of Samsara.

Yun Che sat on the ground with both of his eyes closed as the golden markings flashed on his body. Shen Xi quietly stood in front of him still shrouded in that white light, her celestial figure hazy. Following the downward movement of her jade finger, a cluster of white light slowly floated above Yun Che’s body before completely merging into him.

Following the merging of that white light into his body, the golden markings on his body disappeared as well.

Yun Che stood up and just as he was about to bow unconsciously, he immediately stopped himself as he remembered that she disliked ceremony. Instead he got to his feet once more and said in a grateful voice, “I thank Senior Shen Xi.”

“There’s no need for that.” After she softly said those indifferent words, Shen Xi turned around and left.

She spent nearly all her time quietly cultivating every single day. The only time Yun Che could see her was during that short period that she needed to help him suppress the Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark. However, she did not immediately leave this time around. Instead she spoke in a soft voice, “Your heart has been full of chaos, this does not help you at all in dispelling the Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark.”

“Yes… This junior will do all he can to adjust,” Yun Che said as he gave a long sigh in his heart.

Fifty years… fifty years!!

I can be at peace my ass!

There was less than two years left to the day that he had told the Little Demon Empress and the others he would return by!

However, he had become targeted by Qianye Ying’er and given her fearsomeness, as long as she did not die, even if he left this place fifty years from now, he still would not be able to return.

This place could be said to be the purest, safest and most tranquil place in the entire God Realm, but Yun Che’s heart and mind often wandered and there was simply no way he could settle down.

For the past few days, Shen Xi had been able to sense that Yun Che’s emotions had not stabilised at all. She suddenly said, “If you want to get rid of the Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark, there is a way.”

Yun Che was stunned by those words, “What method?”

“This method requires that the Brahma Soul Death-Wishing Mark be suppressed to a certain degree before it can be realized. Right now is not the right time for it,” Shen Xi’s said in a gentle voice, “Once the opportunity arises, I will naturally let you know.”

To Yun Che, that was undoubtedly a huge piece of great news. He anxiously said, “If it can be like this, then that’s simply fantastic. I thank Senior Shen Xi.”

“...Go and comfort Ling’er for a bit. The impact she received was far too big and only you can ‘save’ her now.”

Shen Xi started walking forward again, as her celestial figure slowly faded and vanished into thin air like a gloomy mist.

Her words had caused Yun Che to become dumbfounded… Save?

Why did she use the word “save”?