Chapter 1293 - The Demonic Claws that Lurked in the Shadows

Upon hearing Yun Che’s “delighted” greeting, Qianye Ying’er’s charming and dewy lips faintly curved up, “Yun Che, before I met you, I had really never thought that there would actually be someone who had the qualifications to be chased by me from the Eastern Divine Region all the way to the God Realm of Absolute Beginning.”

Yun Che immediately looked as if he had received “an overwhelmingly flattering compliment”. 

“I had also never thought that her Highness the Goddess would actually be so infatuated with me. Actually, half a month ago, when I rejected the Goddess’ request for a ‘humble marriage’, it was not because I was unwilling to get married to you. Rather, it was because the Lady Goddess is a celestial fairy who transcends the mortal world while I am just a lowly and lowborn commoner. In front of the Lady Goddess, I would only be able to feel ashamed of my inferiority, so I simply cannot bring myself to associate with your august presence.”

“Oh? Is that so?” Qianye Ying’er’s golden eyes faintly narrowed, “Then that’s truly such a shame.”

“No, no, it’s not a shame at all,” Yun Che immediately said. “For the Lady Goddess to be so infatuated with me that you would actually chase me all the way here from the Eastern Divine Region simply to take one more look at me, even though I have always shied away from women, I cannot help but be deeply moved by your actions. Since the Lady Goddess is so sincere, if I still continued to ignore your feelings then it would simply spoil the mood… Eh, no, I mean it would simply be far too unappreciative of your kindness.”

Xia Qingyue, “...”

Qianye Ying’er, “...”

Just as Yun Che finished making that solemn announcement, he tried to struggle a bit before speaking with a fatuous smile on his face, “Also, if I speak to you in my current state, it truly is rather inelegant and inappropriate. Do you want to release me first? If you’re here, even if I want to run, I won’t be able to anyways, right?”

As long as he could quietly regain his ability to move, he could grab Xia Qingyue’s hand and use the Void Illusion Stone to escape in the next instant.

“Fine.”

Qianye Ying’er had actually agreed to it straight away. She slowly walked forward and arrived at Yun Che’s side before extending a palm towards Yun Che’s chest… Yet the instant she touched his chest, her hand sprang forward and grabbed his throat.

“Urk…” The sound that Yun Che was about to make was forcefully stopped by those actions. The hand that wrapped around his throat shone like beautiful jade, yet it was as dreadful as a grim reaper’s scythe. It firmly grasped his throat before it slowly lifted him from the ground.

Qianye Ying’er was about as tall as Yun Che, so when she raised her hand, it was enough to completely dangle Yun Che in the air.

“You…” Yun Che’s eyes widened as he barely managed to gasp out that word. He was unable to make a single sound after that.

Qianye Ying’er’s gaze was ice cold as the corners of her lips turned up in a mocking little smile, “You couldn’t have possibly used such clumsy words to make the Heavenly Slaughter Star God become so dead-set on you, right?”

Yun Che’s pupils violently contracted.

But his expression did not change, he croaked out in a pained voice, “The Heavenly Slaughter Star God… is dead-set… on me? What… are you talking about…”

“Oh… you don’t understand what I’m saying?” Qianye Ying’er’s grip began to slowly tighten, causing Yun Che’s throat to begin to twist violently, “Then why don’t you tell me this. Who exactly gave you the Heretic God divine powers that you possess?”

This time, Yun Che’s heart was completely overwhelmed with shock.

The Heretic God’s legacy, the greatest secret he possessed… Why did she know about it!? 

Furthermore, it seemed as if she knew about his relationship with Jasmine as well!

“What… are… you… saying…. I don’t understand… a single word…” He managed to croak out in a dry and hoarse voice.

“Even though your tongue is clumsy and cheap, your mouth is very stubborn,” The corner of Qianye Ying’er’s lips curved up into a smile that was even more mocking than before, “However, you do not need to admit anything. It matters not one bit to me whether you admit it or not.”

At this moment, she began to slowly loosen her grip and immediately, Yun Che fell and slumped to the ground like mud. He still could not move an inch of his body and the only thing he could muster was the occasional twitch and spasm.

“I… really don’t know… what you’re talking about!” Yun Che gasped out roughly but his heart continued to sink at a precipitous rate.

He finally started to understand what Qianye Ying’er wanted, but he simply did not understand why she would know these things…

“Do you know why the Heavenly Slaughter Star God was able to retrieve the inheritance of the Heretic God?” Qianye Ying’er suddenly said in a cold voice.

Yun Che, “...”

“Twelve years ago, I just so happened to come across this piece of news. The Southern Divine Region’s Southern Sea God Realm had discovered remnants left behind by the Heretic God, and it was very likely that among these were the legacy or rare treasures left behind by the Heretic God,” Qianye Ying’er recounted in an indifferent tone. “Thus, I used a unique method to make sure that this news reached the Heavenly Slaughter Star God’s ears.”

Discovering the remnants left behind by a Creation God, such a startling and earth-shaking discovery would definitely be an important secret that could not be leaked to the world. Yet, somehow, the Qianye Ying’er, who did not even belong to the Southern Divine Region, actually knew about it…

Southern Sea…

Yun Che suddenly recalled where he had heard that name…

The Southern Sea God Emperor, one of the four god emperors of the Southern Divine Region… No that was not right, he was their head!

The reason why he knew that name was because of what happened after the Brahma Heaven God Emperor had announced to everyone that he wanted to betroth Qianye Ying’er to the lowly him… He had found out that this Southern Sea God Emperor was extremely infatuated with Qianye Ying’er, and every time he came to the Eastern Divine Region, it was almost always because of her. This was a well-known fact that nearly everyone in the Realm of the Gods knew about.

He was the one who had told Qianye Ying’er!?

“Do you know why I passed this information along to the Heavenly Slaughter Star God?”

“Because… you… wanted to assassinate her?” Yun Che said through quietly gritted teeth.

“At least you’re not that stupid,” Qianye Ying’er said with an apathetic small laugh. “After the Heavenly Wolf Star God Su Xi died, your Heavenly Slaughter Star God wanted to kill me even in her dreams. Furthermore, you could indeed count the Heavenly Slaughter Star God amongst the people who could truly cause me fear. Since she wanted to kill me so badly, I had no choice but to allow her to disappear from the face of existence.”

“So do you think that a person who was chasing after power like a madman could reject the allure of the ‘remnants of a Creation God’?”

Yun Che, “...”

“No, of course she wouldn’t be able to. She kept it from everyone else and ventured forth to the Southern Divine Region by herself. But it’s too bad that she did not know that this particular remnant of the Heretic God had long ago been swept clean by the people belonging to the Southern Sea God Realm, and that they had not found anything. So the only thing left for the Heavenly Slaughter Star God was a ‘devilish poison’ which bore the reputation of ‘slaying a god’.”

The Absolute God Slaying Poison!

“Crr… Crr…” Yun Che grit his teeth so hard that they cracked and blood oozed between the gaps of his teeth.

It was only at this moment today that he finally knew that the attempted assassination on Jasmine all those years ago had actually been by Qianye Ying’er.

If not for the fact that she had met Yun Che, Jasmine would have already lost her life twelve years ago.

It was no wonder that every time Jasmine occasionally mentioned the words “that woman”, she would radiate a hatred and resentment she could not suppress.

“It’s just that I didn’t imagine, and the Southern Sea God Realm imagined even less, that in the remnant of the Heretic God that everyone thought was empty, the Heavenly Slaughter Star God had actually found something that contained a drop of blood. Furthermore, when that thing appeared, the aura was incredibly shocking… But the Heavenly Slaughter Star God truly lived up to her name, her spiritual senses were so strong that it bodily slapped the faces of the entire Southern Sea God Realm. At the same time, however, she was also struck by the devilish poison that had been left just for her.”

“If it was just a visit, it would've been fine. But infiltrating another region and stealing the legacy left behind by another God, one that was a big taboo of the divine regions at that, even someone like a Star God could be killed on the spot because of it. As such, the Southern Sea God Realm chased the Heavenly Slaughter Star God over most of the Southern Divine Region, but in the end, the Heavenly Slaughter Star God was able to escape back to the Eastern Divine Region… The so-called number one king realm in the Southern Divine Region, it looks like they were all a bunch of useless trash after all.”

“What ‘kill on the spot’... Who would be willing to offend a king realm!?” Yun Che gnashed his teeth as the rage in his chest swelled so much that he felt his chest would rupture, “It was clearly incited by you. That Southern Sea God Emperor only did this so that he could gain your favor! It was all because of you!”

“Oh? And what’s wrong with that?” The corner of Qianye Ying’er’s lips twitched as she spoke to him in a voice that bordered on pity, “All of you men, aren’t you all this cheap and low?”

“You!” There was only rage left in Yun Che’s heart, yet his helpless body was unable to move a single inch. He gnashed his teeth time and again as he tried to force himself to calm down… He could not fall here, and even more than that, he could not fall into Qianye Ying’er’s hands. Definitely could not!

“So it was rumored that the Heavenly Slaughter Star God survived but she had to abandon her body… Since that was the case, you were her spirit vessel at the time?” Qianye Ying’er gave a cold snort of disdain, “She was chased over nearly the entire Southern Divine Region, yet it was not able to corrode her soul? Looks like that so-called Absolute God Slaying Poison was nothing much after all. As it turns out, the greatest ability of the strongest god emperor in the Southern Divine Region was the ability to talk big!”

“...” Yun Che stared at her silently with enraged eyes. All those years ago, the Absolute God Slaying Poison had not only corroded Jasmine’s soul, it had actually even been the extremely dreadful “complete corrosion” at that. If not for that chance meeting with him, Jasmine would be dead even if she had ten more lives.

“Yet, the Heavenly Slaughter Star God did not return to the Star God Realm after escaping back to the Eastern Divine Region. Instead, she ventured into a lower realm and that really was food for thought,” She looked at Yun Che before speaking in a cool voice, “But the answer to this question is something you’ll definitely be able to tell me, right?”

“I’ll say it once more, I did not understand a single word of what you just said, not a single word!” Yun Che’s eyes grew focused and he would definitely not confess to anything, “I don’t know what this ‘legacy of the Heretic God’ is. Furthermore, even if the Heavenly Slaughter Star God truly did obtain such a thing, why would she not use it on herself instead of giving it to me, a lowly mortal from the lower realms!?”

“Well said,” Qianye Ying’er seemed to smile faintly before she extended an arm and grasped Yun Che’s throat, lofting him into the air once more, “This just so happens to be the most puzzling question to me as well.”

“...” His throat was once again fiercely gripped so Yun Che was unable to even breathe, much less make a sound.

“Besides the power of the Heretic God, your body also possesses many other things of interest. For example, where did your dragon soul come from?” Qianye Ying’er’s face slowly inched closer and Yun Che could nearly feel her cold and merciless breath, “Furthermore, I also believe that besides these things, you definitely also have some other secrets that I am unaware of… But you must definitely, definitely not make me too disappointed.”

As her voice fell, her other hand extended and pressed against the top of Yun Che’s skull.

This action caused Xia Qingyue’s beautiful pupils to contract, “Stop!” 

Qianye Ying’er’s actions clearly showed that she wanted to forcibly search his soul.

Qianye Ying’er glanced to the side as she spared a glance for Xia Qingyue.

“Immediately stop what you are doing… If you dare do him harm, the Moon God Realm will never forgive you!” Xia Qingyue frostily proclaimed with cold eyes. 

“The Moon God Realm? Heh…” Qianye Ying’er gave an icy-cold laugh. “Xia Qingyue, you caused the the entire Moon God Realm to lose every last bit of the dignity they had left, caused Yue Wuya to become the biggest laughingstock in the entire universe. So right now, the person that the Moon God Realm most wants to kill is actually you, right?”

Xia Qingyue, “...”

“If I kill you and Yun Che, the Moon God Realm might just end up being grateful towards me… Isn’t that the case?” Qianye Ying’er’s tone changed slightly as she mocked Xia Qingyue with each and every word, “Let’s not even consider the fact that you’re the sinner of the Moon God Realm, even if you became the god empress of the Moon God Realm, what you would you be able to do?”

“What happened to Yue Wugou all those years ago happened because I sent my people after her. After Yue Wuya found out, he not only did not even dare make a fart in protest, he even pretended that he was entirely unaware. So even if I kill you today, what do you think he can do?

“...” Yun Che’s eyes flared wide open at those words.

“...” Xia Qingyue was completely stunned by those words as well. After that, her gaze grew disordered as her body began to shake with extreme intensity. “It… was you… The one who harmed my mother all those years ago… was actually you!!”

“Oh?” Xia Qingyue’s reaction caused Qianye Ying’er’s eyes to faintly narrow, those two eyes which glowed with a faint golden light swept across Xia Qingyue’s body. After that, she laughed in an indifferent voice, “Ah, so it turns out that you’re Yue Wugou’s daughter!”

“No wonder you have both the ‘Heart of Glazed Glass’ and the ‘Nine Profound Exquisite Body’. It’s all because you’re the progeny of the ‘Divine Stainless Body’!”