Chapter 1206 - Agreement

“Big Brother Yun Che, you’re obviously so powerful and you only have three wives, you’re so modest. Even my ninety-ninth brother already has eleven wives. You’re my fiance, so you must at least be on par with daddy… no that’s not right, you need to be even stronger than he is!”

After Shui Meiyin’s coquettish declaration, her beautiful eyes glittered and she glanced around, “That’s right! I know several very very good big sisters. They’re all daughters of realm kings and they’re all really beautiful. Big Brother Yun Che will definitely like them. Ahhh… that’s right, there’s still my sister…….” 

“You still won’t shut up!” Shui Qianheng, a wise and sagely individual, was actually now fuming and on the verge of exploding. At first she was spouting all sorts of nonsense about marrying Yun Che and now to add oil to the fire, she suddenly decided to initiate finding other wives for him… She even dared to offer up his other precious daughter! 

He wanted to give Shui Meiyin a tongue lashing, but looking at her innocent eyes that were purer than the stars themselves he couldn’t bring himself to… He could only vent the pent up anger in his stomach on Yun Che, “Yun boy! You better… resolve this!”

Resolve this, your mother!… She’s your own daughter, this is none of my business!

He silently lashed out in his heart, but this entire mess was started by him. Yun Che started racking his brains and quickly pivoted in a thick skinned manner, “Princess Meiyin, y-y-you… oh, that’s right… you should know that I’m actually a bad guy. I’m pretty bad, my character is so corrupted and my methods are shameless. I’m the worst of the worst, I’m a baddie through and through!”

This time it was Shui Yingyue and the others’ turns to be tongue tied.

“Hmm… You said yourself that you’d never be able to forgive me, so…”

“That’s right!” Shui Meiyin giggled as she interrupted him mid-sentence, “That’s why you have an entire lifetime to make it up to me!”

“...” Yun Che was rendered speechless on the spot.

“Furthermore I know that big brother Yun Che definitely likes me a lot, if not… if not…” Shui Meiyin’s voice started to go softer as she trailed off, her face turning a bright shade of red, “If not… how could you… do those things to me?”

Yun Che, “...”

As expected, both of Shui Qianheng’s eyes grew wide with fury. A fearsome aura started to surge around him as he bellowed, “What does ‘those things’ mean? Yun boy! What exactly did you do to my daughter!? If you even dared touch a single hair on her h…”  

“No no no no, never never… It isn’t what you think. Absolutely nothing happened!” Yun Che quickly waved his hands.

“Hmph! I know that you wouldn’t have the gall!” Shui Qianheng snorted. He wasn’t that suspicious, as within the Glazed Light Realm, Shui Meiyin was always within range of his spirit sense. Anyone approaching within even ten feet of her was clearly within his perception.

However, Shui Qianheng had underestimated Yun Che. Others might not have had the gall but Yun Che… well… although he hadn’t physically touched her, within their consciousnesses, he had already had quite deeply…

Yun Che quickly nodded. He quickly took a silent deep breath and tried another tack, “Princess Meiyin, your royal father is right. You’re still very young, you’re absolutely not of marriageable age.”

“That doesn’t matter, I’ll eventually grow up.” Shui Meiyin brushed him off with a laugh “Mother married daddy when she was only sixteen. I’ll be sixteen next year.”

“...but, if it’s next year and you’re in the Eternal Heaven Pearl you’ll be there for a very long three thousand years,” Yun Che matter of factly replied.

“Oh?” Shui Meiyin suddenly flinched.

“You’re only fifteen this year. At this age, you’re more or less likely to be rash and impulsive. Perhaps even in as short as a few days later you might think otherwise and then regret your decision.”

“Definitely not!” Shui Meiyin shook her head. She looked intently at Yun Che. In her eyes, Yun Che was a wonderous and colorful enigma. “I’ve already decided, I must marry you. Besides you, I won’t marry anyone else! After all…” her voice suddenly started to become softer once more, “...I’ve already been bullied by you, hmph.”

“Cough cough. T-t-then how about we have an agreement?” Yun Che suddenly leisurely replied trying to downplay Shui Meiyin’s last sentence.

“Agreement?”

“Yes!” Yun Che nodded. He looked at the young girl and smiled. “Once the Profound God Convention is over, you will enter the Eternal Divine Realm for three years. And these three years will be dilated into three thousand years. Three thousand years can change a lot of things, especially one’s thinking.”

“You’re suddenly saying you want to marry me now. Regardless of your father, sister, brother and even me telling you that you’re making an impulsive decision, you’re behaving like a little child who thinks she has suddenly discovered a wondrous idea. Yet this wondrous idea is but a fleeting thought. It came quickly, but it can go quickly as well.” 

“However, if you come out of the Eternal Heaven Divine Realm and you still insist on marrying me…” Yun Che slowly straightened his back and gently continued, “then even if your royal father, and everyone else is against it, I will still definitely marry you. How about that?”

Shui Meiyin was startled, both her eyes growing wide. She stayed silent for a long period of time, and everyone else did so as well.

“Deal!” She suddenly started to nod her head. She stretched out her hand and brought her soft and white pinky in front of Yun Che, “I’ll listen to you, but you said all of this on your own accord. You can’t go back on your word!”

At this moment Shui Meiyin’s dream-like gaze and voice firmly impacted Yun Che’s soul. He subconsciously lifted his hand and made a pinky promise with Shui Meiyin. “Alright! This is our agreement, I will definitely abide by it.”

Shui Meiyin started to calm down. All of her willfulness and obstinacy started to dissipate. Yun Che breathed a long sigh of relief. She was only fifteen now; with the coming three years she would experience a long three thousand years in the Eternal Heaven Divine Realm,. 

Let alone three thousand years, even three hundred years… or thirty… or even three, her childish thoughts would eventually dissipate like smoke. When she walked out of the Eternal Heaven Divine Realm, she would probably not even remember this “agreement”, perhaps she would even forget he ever existed.

Even if she did, with her standing at the very peak of all realms, she would turn her nose up at him.

Shui Qianheng and Shui Yingyue also heaved sighs of relief.

Only now could Yun Che finally relax. He suddenly felt a sense of loss, an unbearable feeling of emptiness started to descend upon him… This feeling suddenly shocked him and it took him several breaths of time to come to his senses.

“Good!” Shui Qianheng said, his voice returning to its normal tone. “Meiyin, if you come out of the Eternal Heaven Divine Realm and you still want to marry this brat, I will definitely not object. This should settle it.”

After speaking, he actually gave Yun Che a look of approval. His anger had been somewhat quenched thanks to Yun Che’s quick thinking.

“Daddy, you had better keep your promise!” Shui Meiyin immediately shouted.

Shui Qianheng opened his eyes wide and patted his chest before speaking in a firm and resolute manner, “Your daddy here is the realm king of the Glazed Light Realm, I will never go back on my word! But before the agreed time period, you are not allowed to come into contact with this brat! Or else you will be the joke of the realms. Now hurry up and return with me!”

This time around, Shui Meiyin did not resist. She looked at Yun Che and smiled sweetly “Big Brother Yun Che, I will now return with daddy. With regards to our agreement just now, you must never ever forget it!”

“...Alright,” Yun Che replied somewhat dispiritedly.

Shui Meiyin followed Shui Qianheng and left. When Shui Yingyue and Shui Yinghen left, they both looked at Yun Che with strange gazes. This entire noisy episode had finally come to an end. 

“Phew…” Yun Che sighed once more, his head drenched in sweat but still feeling somewhat distressed.

Mu Bingyun took one last glance at him and without a word turned around and left.

“Uh...heh heh… This is… also a pretty good thing,” Mu Huanzhi started chuckling to himself.

“The Glazed Light Realm King actually has such an interesting daughter.” Mu Danzhi also started chuckling.

Everyone all around started to break out into laughter. The disciples of the Snow Song Realm looked at Yun Che with admiration. Not considering whether this was a good or bad thing, but being eyed by the greatest and most favored daughter under heaven could be said to be one’s best and proudest achievement in life. Every man would envy him.

_____________________

Glazed Light Realm.

“This is preposterous! This is preposterous!!” 

Although the situation had been defused, Shui Qianheng’s fury had yet to cease. Just thinking about how his precious daughter had fallen for a brat from a middle star realm… Apart from being hopelessly in love, she had even tried to find him additional wives. This was absolutely preposterous!

If this wasn’t the Eternal Heaven Divine Realm, even if Yun Che was one of the Four Conferred God Children, he would have already slapped Yun Che to death then and there.

“Royal father, little sister was being playful for just a moment, don’t stay angry anymore,” Shui Yinghen softly said.

“Playful? Is this a matter you can play around with!?” Shui Qianheng roared, “It’s the fault of all of you! Giving in to her in every way. Now look at what she’s said and done today! Good thing the Eternal Heaven Realm has sound barriers… if this were to spread outside, wouldn’t my Glazed Light Realm become the joke of all realms!?”

“Isn’t it you who gives in to her the most?” Shui Yinghen muttered under his breath.

Smash!

Shui Qianheng slapped the table and hurriedly stood up. “I’ve decided to place her in confinement for three days and have her properly reflect.”

Shui Yingyue replied in a fluster, “Royal father, little sis…”

“No one is to speak up for her! If we continue spoiling her, who knows what other catastrophes might happen in the future! Not only this time, from now onwards no one is to continue spoiling her!” 

Having said that, Shui Qianheng turned around and left.

Shui Yingyue and Shui Yinghen’s eyes met. Shui Yinghen softly said, “Looks like royal father is really furious this time.”

As both brother and sister were about to leave, Shui Qianheng’s voice could suddenly be heard in the distance, “Oh… Daddy’s little treasure. Why aren’t you resting in your room? Why have you come here?”

Shui Qianheng’s voice didn’t even have half an ounce of anger in it. In fact it sounded extremely gentle and sugary sweet. When the duo heard him speak, they shivered and had goosebumps all over.

“Daddy, I’m suddenly hungry. I was thinking of eating some of Aunty Yuexian’s desserts.” This voice belonged to Shui Meiyin, clearly sounding like she had just woken up.

“Oh! Good good good, let daddy… daddy will personally bring you to the Drifting Cloud Realm.”

“Daddy, I seem to have heard you mentioning something about confinement just now…”

“Oh! That’s right, that’s right! That useless ninety-ninth brother of yours… Daddy had such high hopes for him but he couldn’t even pass the preliminaries. He has absolutely disappointed me! So I decided to place him in three days of confinement for him to reflect!”

Shui Yinghen was suddenly shell shocked. He urgently shouted, “Royal father, I…”

Just as words were about to leave his mouth, Shui Qianheng’s thunderous voice came roaring over, “If you dare to retort I’ll add another three days. Hurry up and get to your reflecting!”

“...Yes.” Shui Yinghen’s face was full of grievance but he didn’t dare utter another half a word.

Speechless, Shui Yingyue sighed.

_____________________

The night sky was growing darker yet Yun Che chose to leave the courtyard. He walked into the Flame God Realm’s quarters to look for Huo Rulie.

“Sect Master Huo, junior has one more matter I need your help with.”

“Oh? It’s already so late, just what big matter is this?” Huo Rulie’s face was a picture of excitement. He patted his chest and said, “Just ask away!”

Yun Che’s face looked grave, “I need to make a trip… to the… Ancient God Burying Inferno Prison.”