Chapter 1253 - The Guy Who Deserves to Be Struck by Lightning

“Oh?” The Brahma Heaven God Emperor’s eyebrows moved slightly. “Is that true?”

“This is a major turning point for my daughter, and something that will impact her whole life. I wouldn’t dare lie about this,” Shui Qianheng said shamelessly. “The friends from Divine Ice Phoenix Sect can verify my claim. They were present when my daughter and Yun Che became officially engaged to one another.”

“We…” Mu Huanzhi and the others panicked, unsure how they should respond at all. In fact, they knew better than anyone that Shui Qianheng’s so-called “wedding engagement” was just a delaying tactic Yun Che used in a moment of desperation to turn down Shui Meiyin’s pursuit and quell Shui Qianheng’s fury. On the other hand, if they were to say that it wasn’t a wedding engagement… 

…They actually couldn’t. Technically speaking, everything that happened that day could count as a wedding engagement, if they were to ignore the underlying context! Even better, both parties’ elders were present that day, so it wasn’t a one-sided engagement.

It was at this moment Mu Bingyun stood up and said seriously, “Mu Bingyun from the Snow Song Realm can prove that Realm King Qianheng’s claim is absolutely true. Half a month ago, our disciple Yun Che and Princess Meiyin from Glazed Light Realm had fallen in love with each other when they fought in battle. After that, a formal pledge of marriage was made while being witnessed by both parties’ elders. The marriage will officially be complete three years from now.”

“Bingyun…” Mu Bingyun’s words left Mu Huanzhi and the others at a loss. Even Huo Rulie and Yan Juehai were inclining their heads in puzzlement.

No one would turn down a goddess because they were practically a ticket to the heavens.

But Mu Bingyun knew that the woman Yun Che sacrificed everything to meet was the sworn enemy of Qianye Ying’er!

Qianye Ying’er was the reason the Heavenly Slaughter Star God’s brother, the Heavenly Wolf Star God had perished—Yun Che knew this from a long time ago.

This reason alone—especially considering Yun Che’s temperament and his obsession towards the Heavenly Slaughter Star God—meant that Yun Che would never agree to this engagement.

The fact that Brahma Heaven God Emperor was willing to marry his daughter to another man was something that no man in God Realm dared to imagine even in their dreams. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to call it the dreamiest of rewards. The Brahma Heaven God Emperor mustn’t have thought that Yun Che would want to turn down his offer… no one, except a handful of people who knew about Yun Che’s feelings, would.

But if he were to turn down the god emperor’s offer on the spot, he risked shocking the world, and humiliating both the Brahma Heaven God Emperor and Brahma Monarch Goddess, deeply… at the very least, it would be a far more serious offense than turning down the god emperor’s offer to accept Yun Che as his personal disciple.

Even if Brahma Heaven God Emperor had self-restraint from the gods, even if he hadn’t shown a hint of emotion after the rejection, he would definitely be pissed off on the inside.

Thankfully, Shui Qianheng had suddenly jumped out of nowhere and interrupted the dangerous conversation. This was just the buffer Yun Che needed to deal with this peacefully.

Mu Bingyun’s claim hadn’t just surprised the Snow Song Realm. Shui Qianheng was just as surprised… Back then, he had been so angry he felt like swallowing Yun Che alive. He was the one who forced Yun Che to come up with the so-called “three year promise” so that Shui Meiyin could spend three thousand years in the Eternal Heaven Divine Realm and forget about him...

Frankly speaking, he had just about exhausted all of his face reserves when he decided to stand up and claim that that nonsensical promise was a formal wedding engagement. He might have put on a tough appearance, but in reality he was feeling pretty nervous on the inside, not to mention that between his daughter and Brahma Monarch Goddess… it was clear which side Divine Ice Phoenix Sect would want to support.

But contrary to his expectations, not only had Mu Bingyun admitted to the engagement, she practically sounded surer than he did.

“Oh?” The Brahma Heaven God Emperor’s eyes shifted slightly, but didn’t reveal any emotion whatsoever. The ghost of a smile flitted across his features. “According to my knowledge, Realm King Qianheng had loved his daughter like the most precious thing in the world ever since she was born in Glazed Light Realm, so I’m certain that her marriage is of the utmost important to him. Does it make sense to you that Realm King Qianheng would so carelessly betroth her to someone else at the mere age of fifteen?”

“Moreover, Yun Che hails from a humble place, and he wasn’t nearly as famous back then as he is now. Overall, he didn’t deserve the Glazed Light Princess at all back then. Are you truly telling me that you agreed to this engagement despite all these conditions, Realm King Qianheng?” 

The Brahma Heaven God Emperor’s words caught everyone by surprise. They turned to stare at Shui Qianheng, and they discovered that the latter was speechless and barely hiding a tingle from his eyebrows.

The Brahma Heaven God Emperor continued, “If Ying’er were to become engaged to someone else, I would’ve declared it to the world and make preparations for a grand ceremony. My daughter, to me, is like Shui Meiyin to you, and yet this wedding engagement has appeared out of nowhere, and no one has heard about it… now that is a little strange, don’t you think?”

“...” Shui Qianheng’s mouth twitched a little. He had stepped out in a moment of desperation, so of course he hadn’t had the time to think through all of his excuses. Worse, he had forgotten that he was facing one of the scariest people that existed in the Eastern Divine Region.

The Brahma Heaven God Emperor had easily poked countless holes in the hastily formed lie.

Shui Qianheng wasn’t the only one who was shocked. Everyone on the side of the Snow Song Realm was about to experience a full meltdown.

“Glazed Light Realm is going to lose a lot of face today.” Shrouding Sky Realm King Lu Zhou sighed quietly.

Shui Qianheng couldn’t say anything in return, but Mu Bingyun remained calm despite the Brahma Heaven God Emperor’s attacks. She said, “Three days ago, Yun Che had suffered terrible injuries and exhausted all of his profound energy. However, he was able to recover fully and participate in the second match. If not for the Divine Water of Absolute Beginning that the Glazed Light Realm gifted us, Yun Che wouldn’t have healed under the Divine Ice Phoenix Sect’s care…”

Shui Qianheng looked surprised. Everyone else’s face changed.

Shui Yinghen trembled like a leaf before he blurted in panic, “R-r-royal f-f-f-f-f-f-father… it’s all my fault… I-I-I-I’m the one stole the water from little sis… it has nothing to do with her…”

Slowly turning his head to face Shui Yinghen, Shui Qianheng stared at his son with shockingly wide eyes, “Is that true? Did you… really… the Divine Water of Absolute Beginning…”

Feeling as if his strength had departed him, Shui Yinghen collapsed to his knees and couldn’t say anything in reply, trembling. Naturally, he was well aware of just how important the Divine Water of Absolute Beginning was and just how big of a crime he had committed by gifting it to an outsider… When Shui Qianheng was done with him, he would be lucky to get away with just a pair of broken legs.

But contrary to his expectations, Shui Qianheng slapped Shui Yingyue on the shoulder and exclaimed emotionally, “Well done… well done! You finally did something good for once in your life... Well done, son!”

“Hah??” Shui Yinghen looked up stupidly from his position.

“...It is as you say, a verbal engagement that was kept under wraps. However, the Glazed Light Realm also sacrificed a drop of Divine Water of Absolute Beginning to heal Yun Che’s wounds.” Mu Bingyun continued, “The Divine Water of Absolute Beginning is a divine object of Primal Chaos, and it is something that the Glazed Light Realm could search for another thousand years and never find. If the Glazed Light Realm King truly didn’t care for the engagement, he would never have given Yun Che such a great boon, would he? That is why the Divine Ice Phoenix Sect is grateful to the Glazed Light Realm. We will never break off this engagement unless the Glazed Light Realm decides to do so themselves—it would be terribly ungrateful of us otherwise.”

Shui Qianheng, “...”

Yun Che, “...”

The Conferred God Stage was noisy, and the people were staring at Shui Qianheng in a different light once more… the Divine Water of Absolute Beginning was something even an ultimate Divine Master would fight for with their life! It was so precious that anyone would think twice before granting a single drop to the best performing member in the family, much less an outsider!

Therefore, Shui Qianheng’s precious daughter must really be betrothed to Yun Che, and Shui Qianheng must have agreed to it… that was the only reasonable explanation.

“Now I see.” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor nodded slowly. “This king does sense the Divine Water of Absolute Beginning on Yun Che, faint though it may be. I was even wondering where the Snow Song Realm had gotten the divine water earlier, but now we know that it was a gift from the Glazed Light Realm.”

Shui Qianheng straightened himself and said, “I was planning to leave the Divine Water of Absolute Beginning to my daughter, but Yun Che was seriously wounded and healing slowly after the fight. Although the divine water is precious beyond belief, Yun Che is soon to be my son-in-law, so it doesn’t really matter who gets it.”

“My daughter has only recently known love, but her determination is already stronger than I imagined. I couldn’t bear to extinguish it because it strongly reminded me of her mother when she set her eyes on me for the first time. Also, I noticed that Yun Che has unbelievable potential despite his lowly beginnings, and I was certain that his achievements would far surpass Luo Changsheng’s. Since he was admirable and to my liking from the beginning, I didn’t feel too repulsed by the idea of an engagement.”

“...” Yun Che’s mouth twitched slightly: God damn this old bastard is good at taking the ball and running with it! And his face is even thicker than mine!

“The reason we decided to keep things under wraps is because it was neither the right place or time to spread the news. I was going to make this public after the Profound God Convention had officially ended.”

Shui Qianheng explained seriously and dispelled the Brahma Heaven God Emperor’s doubts with ease. Moreover, his words were infused with so much emotion that it was unquestionable.

Shui Yinghen turned his head absentmindedly before asking Shui Yingyue. “Has royal father… always been… such a person?”

“...” Shui Yingyue nodded.

Shui Yinghen swallowed loudly.

The Eternal Heaven God Emperor nodded slightly, “It would seem that Yun Che and the Glazed Light Princess’s wedding engagement is real, and that Divine Water of Absolute Beginning was truly a most precious token of love. What do you think, Brahma Heaven God Emperor?”

“Hehe.” The Brahma Heaven God Emperor smiled faintly. “It is a beautiful tale. But it has nothing to do with my wish to marry Ying’er to Yun Che.”

“Oh?” The Eternal Heaven God Emperor glanced to the side.

“The honored men of the God Realm have always had more than one wife, haven’t they? I would be furious on my daughter’s behalf had she been someone else, but the Glazed Light Princess is definitely worthy to share the same husband as Ying’er.”

It was like a thunder bolt had dropped from the sky and blasted them all silly.

The Brahma Heaven God Emperor actually agreed to let Qianye Ying’er and Shui Meiyin share the same husband!

This meant that Yun Che was going to get both the Brahma Monarch Goddess and the Glazed Light Princess… and this f*cker had permission from Brahma Heaven God Emperor himself!

Not even the Dragon Monarch had ever had a concubine despite being together with the Dragon Queen for tens of thousands of years!

Right now, this Yun Che… was enjoying better treatment than even the Dragon Monarch himself!

For many years, countless god emperor grandchildren, king realm divine masters, and even king realm realm kings from the Eastern Divine Region, Western Divine Region, and Southern Divine Region had sought after the Brahma Monarch Goddess, but they were always turned down kindly by the Brahma Heaven God Emperor, or plainly ignored by the Brahma Monarch Goddess herself. It was as if she didn’t care for them at all… Later on, it was near impossible to even catch a glimpse of her true appearance.

But Yun Che… not only was he going to marry the Brahma Monarch Goddess… he was going to get the Glazed Light Princess as well.

Even more infuriating was the fact that the Brahma Monarch Goddess remained perfectly quiet throughout the whole thing. She didn’t object to the engagement at all.

The eyes of every man at the Conferred God Stage turned red… their jealousy was burning so hotly that it rivaled a sea of lava.

The Dragon Monarch married the Dragon Queen… but he was the strongest existence in the Primal Chaos. It was a match made in heaven, and no one could say anything about it.

But Yun Che was a humble born who inherited his skills from a middle star realm. Even now, he was only a Divine Spirit...

Why… Why himmmmmmm!?

This guy deserves to be struck by lightning!

(Wait a second. Struck by lightning? Something doesn’t feel right about this…)

They literally couldn’t imagine how jealous and furious the god children of the king realms would be after they learned that Yun Che was going to marry the Brahma Monarch Goddess, when they couldn’t even win a smile from her despite forsaking both their honor and their lives.