At this moment, Shui Wuhen’s expression was solemn. “This martial gathering hosted by the Xuantian Dao Sect is different from the past. In the past, it was just a trial and experience for disciples. But this time, it has coincided with the opening of the Immemorial Path, so it has an added purpose to fight for quotas.”

“Immemorial Path?” asked Long Chen.

“The Immemorial Path…” Shui Wuhen sighed. “A thousand years ago, I was also just like you. I also chanced upon the opening of the Immemorial Path… but at that time…”

Shui Wuhen suddenly went silent. A trace of fear appeared in her eyes. It was obvious just how terrifying that Immemorial Path had been for her.

She sighed, brushing off those miserable memories. “It’s best to just talk about the trial for now. But before that, let me first give you a brief explanation about the structure of the Xuantian Dao Sect.

“Although the Xuantian Dao Sect I’m talking about is just the branch sect, it has tens of millions of elite cultivators. As for the people who can attend the martial gathering this time, they are elites amongst elites. Our thirty-sixth supermonastery is the weakest existence of all the supermonasteries.” When she reached there, Shui Wuhen became a bit embarrassed. 

Long Chen didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. “The monastery I was at was also the weakest existence. Now the supermonastery is also the weakest existence. Don’t tell me that the branch sect we’re at is also the weakest amongst the branch sects. My luck can’t be that bad, right?”

Shui Wuhen looked at Long Chen. She didn’t say anything for a long time.

“Really? This branch sect is also the weakest?” Long Chen was speechless. How was it possible to have such bad luck?

“Cough, but even so, our Xuantian Dao Sect is still one of the overlords of the Eastern Wasteland. As you’ve seen, almost one hundred thousand people are attending the trial this time from the thirty-six supermonasteries. As for our thirty-sixth supermonastery, we have less than five hundred people.” Shui Wuhen became even more embarrassed.

Out of these five hundred people, the Dragonblood Legion occupied three hundred and sixty members. That was because the trial’s criteria required that the disciple had to reach the Xiantian realm and was not older than fifty.

Ninety-nine percent of the disciples were washed out by these requirements. If it weren’t for the Dragonblood Legion, Shui Wuhen would have been too embarrassed to even come here to attend the trial.

That was because the other supermonasteries all had over a thousand elites who could attend, or even several thousand. When the thirty-sixth supermonastery was compared to them, they truly were weaker.

And if they didn’t have Meng Qi and Tang Wan-er who were Celestials, then they truly would have been turned into the Xuantian Dao Sect’s laughingstock.

But now that a monster like Long Chen had returned, the thirty-sixth supermonastery’s position had immediately risen.

“Let’s not talk about those elite Xiantian disciples. Just in terms of Celestials, there are thirty-three experts, and amongst them are the Four Heavenly Geniuses and Three Peerless Beauties…” At this point, Shui Wuhen smiled slightly.

As for Meng Qi and Tang Wan-er, they blushed. Long Chen immediately understood that the two of them were within the so-called Three Peerless Beauties.

When it came to looks, Meng Qi and Tang Wan-er were definitely beauties that could bring about the downfall of a state. With their exceptional beauty, it was very normal for them to be in that ranking.

“Could it be that there is someone else that can compare to my two wives? Impossible!” Long Chen was a bit surprised.

Meng Qi and Tang Wan-er blushed even further. Tang Wan-er gave Long Chen a pinch, but Long Chen’s skin was too tough, and she felt like she was trying to pinch dragonhide. She was unable to use the slightest force.

But Long Chen’s words were still praising their beauty, and they both liked that. What women didn’t like such words? Even confident women would be delighted upon being praised.

“As soon as someone mentions a beautiful woman, your tail immediately pricks up. Are you not interested in the Four Heavenly Geniuses?” Shui Wuhen rolled her eyes at Long Chen. This little fellow never paid attention to the important details.

“Cough, nothing like that. I was just curious,” Long Chen explained hastily. But he grumbled inside, “Sister, why must you intentionally frame me?”

As expected, Tang Wan-er, Meng Qi, the Dragonblood warriors, and even the elite disciples from the other monasteries looked at Long Chen with a strange gaze.

“Boss, you’ve already taken two of the three beauties. You’re just lacking one for a complete set. Aiya!” Guo Ran was suddenly sent flying by a burst of wind. He tumbled back and collided against a wall. His head was stuck in the ground as his butt was raised toward the sky. He was stuck in an exceedingly sorry and comical position which caused a burst of laughter.

“Guo Ran, do you think you’re too big for a beating?!” raged Tang Wan-er.

Currently, she was a true Celestial, and she was even a powerful existence amongst Celestials. Guo Ran was unlucky, as with Long Chen present, he had forgotten something.

He had forgotten that even Long Chen wouldn’t fight with Tang Wan-er.

Little Snow had been released at this time, and he had simply been laying there without saying a word. Now, he suddenly let out a growl.

“Haha, even Little Snow says he deserves it!” laughed Meng Qi. She was the only one here other than Long Chen who could understand Little Snow’s spiritual fluctuations.

“Fine, I was wrong.” Guo Ran crawled up from the ground dejectedly. Now he had gotten smarter, and he hid behind Long Chen. Now, on the off chance he said something wrong again, Long Chen would become his shield.

“Alright, let’s get back to the topic. The Three Peerless Beauties is something the Xuantian Dao Sect’s disciples came up with. Meng Qi and Tang Wan-er are two of them. As for the last woman, she’s not just one of the three beauties, she’s also one of the Four Heavenly Geniuses,” said Shui Wuhen.

Long Chen was startled. “Then is she…”

Shui Wuhen nodded. “Yes, she is also a rank two Celestial. She is extremely powerful, and she is definitely no weaker than the other Heavenly Geniuses. That’s because she has inherited King blood.”

“Inherited King blood? What does that mean?” asked Long Chen.

“Above Sea Expansion is Foundation Forging. That is the Ancestor level. Experts above the Ancestor level are nicknamed Kings.

“They are the absolute rulers of the Eastern Wastelands and the other three outer regions. They can disdainfully look down on anyone else. With a wave of their hands, mountains collapse and seas overturn! They are completely unrivaled existences!” Shui Wuhen couldn’t help sighing, a touch of worship appearing in her eyes.

“Wouldn’t such a person be on the same level as a god or immortal? How could such a person exist?” asked Tang Wan-er.

“In truth, you’ve also seen such a person.” Shui Wuhen smiled.

“We have? How is that possible?”

“The others haven’t seen them, but those from the first monastery have. That’s especially true of the Dragonblood warriors,” said Shui Wuhen.

“Then you’re talking about… the woman who took away Ye Zhiqiu?” asked Long Chen.

“Correct. If my guess isn’t wrong, she should be a King,” said Shui Wuhen.

Long Chen was surprised. He fell back into his memories. At that time, that woman had stood in the air without any wings. In fact, there had been no fluctuations around her at all. Just like that, she stood in midair. So she was actually such a terrifying existence.

Thinking of how he had actually taken a battle posture against her when she had taken Ye Zhiqiu, he began to sweat. Most likely, she could have killed them all with just a sigh.

“Then that means sister Zhiqiu definitely has been revived!” cried Tang Wan-er excitedly. With such a terrifying figure protecting her, Ye Zhiqiu couldn’t possibly have died.

“That’s why you have to be careful, Long Chen. For a powerful King to personally raise her, Ye Zhiqiu’s cultivation base will definitely reach an incomparably terrifying level. You might get thrown behind by her,” laughed Shui Wuhen.

But then she clapped herself in the head. “What’s going on today; how are we always getting sidetracked? Back to the main subject, the third beauty’s name is Zhong Wuyan. She comes from an exceedingly old ancient family. Although her family has already declined, in her generation, there are signs of her ancestral blood being awakened. If she doesn’t die, she has a ten percent chance of becoming a King,” sighed Shui Wuhen.

“Just ten percent?” Long Chen was slightly speechless.

Shui Wuhen finally couldn’t bear it anymore and gave him a disdainful gaze. “Do you think Kings are cabbages? Out of ten thousand Ancestor experts, maybe not a single one will be able to become a King. Becoming a King not only requires talent and perseverance, but it also requires luck.”

“Ah, then I’m doomed. With my luck, there’s no chance for me at all,” sighed Long Chen. From this explanation, he knew Kings were blessed by heaven and earth. Long Chen had never received such a blessing.

“Alright, we’ve gotten sidetracked again. Don’t interrupt me again, or this will never end,” said Shui Wuhen. If this continued, who knew what topic they would end up on. It was always Long Chen who disrupted her flow.

“Zhong Wuyan possesses a King bloodline, and she is also a rank two Celestial. Her combat abilities are incredible. She comes from the second supermonastery, which is controlled by the Wang family.

“The Xuantian Dao Sect’s four families are the Shui, Zhou, Wang, and Qu families. The Wang and Qu families’ relationship with my Shui family isn’t bad. They won’t intentionally make things hard for us, so you don’t need to be worried about that.

“The next heavenly genius is Yue Qianshan. He is also a rank two Celestial and is also exceedingly powerful. When he fights with others, his attacks are always killing blows. That’s because he is… a sword cultivator.”

“A sword cultivator!”

Yue Zifeng narrowed his eyes. He was also a sword cultivator, and he wanted to have a look at that terrifying fellow’s abilities. Sword cultivators were acclaimed as possessing the top offensive ability. Their killing blows were incomparably sharp, and each exchange could determine life and death. They were extremely terrifying.

“Yue Qianshan comes from the first supermonastery, which is controlled by the Qu family. According to reason, he won’t have any conflicts with us, but sword cultivators are known to be extremely prideful and eccentric. You should pay attention not to provoke him.

“As for the third person, Long Chen, you’ve already encountered him, and you’ve even exchanged blows. He is Zhao Wuji. He comes from the fourth supermonastery, controlled by the Zhou family. That’s why he would intentionally target us.

“He is a rank two Celestial, and he controls the great earth’s energy. His energy is boundless, and his physical body is terrifying. He has never met a match in terms of physical strength,” said Shui Wuhen.

Long Chen nodded. It was no wonder he was so powerful. He not only had the power of his physical body, but he also borrowed the energy of the earth.

“And there’s another Celestial?” asked Long Chen.

“Yes. He comes from my Shui family.” A complicated expression appeared on Shui Wuhen’s face.