BANG!

Yin Wushang’s fist smashed into Long Chen’s saber. Long Chen was shocked to find that Yin Wushang was able to block him with just a single fist.

At the same time, a powerful force drove him back three steps before he could stabilize.

“Now let me see where you plan on running?”

Yin Wushang sneered, like a hunter looking at a rabbit with nowhere else to go. His gaze was filled with ridicule.

Long Chen narrowed his eyes. Yin Wushang was even more terrifying than he had imagined. A random blow of his fist was able to block his saber. That hadn’t been because of a cultivation technique or Battle Skill, but seemingly from some sort of strange energy.

“I really like your current expression. Where did that grandness from when you said you’d exterminate my family go?” asked Yin Wushang. He wasn’t in a hurry. In his eyes, Long Chen was a fish caught in his net and couldn’t run.

“I already said the enmity between us is over. Do you really want to restart it?” asked Long Chen.

“Hahaha, Long Chen, ah, Long Chen. You really are young. I feel sorrow for your stupidity.

“Who do you think you are? In front of an ancient family, you are just an ant. If it wasn’t for the support of the Xuantian Dao Sect, you would have long since been crushed.

“For you to say such nonsense, you really overestimate yourself. Did you think you could keep living after provoking an ancient family’s prestige?

“You’re wrong, and very much so. If you hadn’t insulted my Yin family, you wouldn’t even have the qualifications to be killed by me.” Yin Wushang suddenly raised his head and laughed disdainfully.

“It was clearly your family’s disciple that tried to kill me. Was I supposed to not resist? To just allow Yin Wushuang to kill me?” asked Long Chen.

“Of course. This is the cultivation world’s iron law: the strong are respected. Although Yin Wushuang wasn’t strong herself, she had a powerful family, and that is also a part of her strength.

“To be able to reincarnate within an ancient family is also a kind of strength. As for you, a lowly commoner with no background, no matter how high your talent is, it’s useless.

“In this world, there are many talented people, however, they all die prematurely. Why is that? That’s because they reincarnated in the wrong body.

“Without a powerful family or sect to protect you, geniuses are only there to be killed. Now you should understand: being low-born isn’t a mistake, but appearing in front of a high-born person is a grave mistake.

“The price of making this mistake will be your life. The only result in accordance with the rules of this world is that you will die. After you’re dead, remember, if you want to become an expert, reincarnate into a power like my ancient family,” said Yin Wushang.

“Reincarnate? I really am not good at that. It seems I’m only skilled at sending other people off to reincarnate.” Long Chen shook his head.

“Hahaha, even now you’re in the mood to joke. That just proves your stupidity has already surpassed my imagination.

“But that’s also good. Try to keep that mood. I want to see if you can still joke once I rip your heart out of your chest,” said Yin Wushang sinisterly.

Long Chen smiled and rested his saber on his shoulder. “Then we’ll have to see if you have that ability.”

“I know you should have the power to fight Xiantian experts. However, it seems you don’t know, in this world, cultivation base is not the only way to judge a person’s combat abilities.

“Just like how you could easily kill Han Tianyu, I can also easily kill Xiantian experts. If you treat me as an ordinary Meridian Opening expert, you have committed an extremely grave mistake,” said Yin Wushang.

“Then let me experience just how strong you are.”

Long Chen’s divine ring appeared behind him. The red and orange lights spun in opposite directions, and endless energy poured into Long Chen.

Now he was truly using the divine ring’s power. The energy within him was like angry waves, causing heaven and earth to rumble. In the face of an enemy as powerful as Yin Wushang, he had no room to hold back.

“As expected, you really were concealing your strength. Not bad, not bad! But it’s not enough!” Yin Wushang was slightly surprised, but he still shook his head.

“Whether or not it’s enough is something we’ll only know after trying!”

Long Chen took the initiative, charging forward and mercilessly slashing down with his saber.

“Even without trying it, I know you are nothing in front of me.”

Yin Wushang sneered and punched another fist to meet Long Chen’s saber. But this time, his fist was covered with runes. 

BOOM!

Astral winds erupted, and the ground crumbled like a frozen lake that had been smashed by a meteorite.

Long Chen’s arm trembled intensely, and he was shocked to see that Yin Wushang hadn’t budged in the slightest. Furthermore, the ground around him was strangely completely fine.

“This attack’s not bad. Even ordinary Xiantian experts who activated their Xiantian power might not possess such power.

“Most surprising of all, you rely only on physical strength. I really want to know just what cultivation technique you train in for your physical body to reach such an abnormal level.” Yin Wushang’s eyes shone as he looked at Long Chen.

As the junior master of the Yin family, he was extremely experienced. He had seen countless geniuses, but he had never seen someone with a physical body as abnormal as Long Chen.

Just his physical body was able to fight against Xiantian powers. Yin Wushang felt an intense desire to learn Long Chen’s secrets.

He suddenly leaped into action, taking away the initiative and not giving Long Chen a chance to do anything.

Long Chen was surprised, but his movements didn’t slow and he once more slashed his saber.

Yin Wushang’s fist suddenly turned into a claw, and he caught his saber with a single hand. Even with Long Chen’s reactions, he was still caught off-guard and couldn’t pull back his saber.

At the same time, Yin Wushang’s other hand stabbed towards Long Chen’s abdomen.

His hand was like a blade, and it was covered in complicated lines. Even before his attack reached him, Long Chen was suppressed by the wind, feeling that it was hard to breathe.

He couldn’t help being shocked by Yin Wushang’s powerful Battle Skill. He was able to change attacks incredibly quickly, and he was definitely the most terrifying opponent he had met up until now.

Yin Wushang was smiling coldly. With his saber caught, Long Chen was powerless to resist. Right now, he could only give up on his saber and fall back. But once he lost his weapon, he would be like a tiger that had lost its fangs.

However, he was surprised to see that Long Chen’s expression was still calm, and he actually also sent out a palm to meet his hand, clearly attempting a head-on clash.

“Stupid.”

Yin Wushang sneered. He had bitterly trained in his family’s Seven Disappearing Cloud Hand, which had been his family’s strongest Battle Skill for countless years.

After training in it for so long, he had already reached the third level of mastery in it, and that allowed him to grab Xiantian weapons with his bare hands. If Long Chen dared face him like this, then he would be instantly blown to bits.

But just as Long Chen’s palm was about to collide with his hand, his palm became covered with thunderforce, and a crackling sound filled the air.

“What?”

BOOM!

The ground beneath their feet exploded, and the two of them blew back.

“The Lightning Rushing Hand really is powerful.” Long Chen was delighted inside. This mid Heaven class Battle Skill truly was powerful. His saber had been unable to do anything to Yin Wushang, but this palm had forced him back.

Previously, Yin Wushang had intentionally humiliated and looked down on him, not budging at all in the face of his saber. Even the ground beneath his feet hadn’t twitched.

“I didn’t expect you to have such a trick. Really not bad.” Yin Wushang shook out his hand that was slightly numb.

More importantly, a trace of Long Chen’s thunderforce had ended up invading his body, making him feel like his insides had been struck by a hammer. That startled him, as this was his first time encountering such powerful thunderforce.

“I don’t have just one trick.”

Long Chen snorted, and his saber began to rumble. It was suddenly completely covered in thunderforce and once more slashing at him.

Yin Wushang’s expression changed ever so slightly. He hadn’t expected Long Chen’s thunderforce to be condensed enough to be able to cover his weapon.

Ordinary lightning cultivators used their lightning blades as weapons. Those lightning blades were condensed from their spiritual qi, and while they were powerful, they had stability issues. They were easily broken by experts.

But transmitting thunderforce into a weapon was also no good. If they did, that would end up consuming a great deal of energy, and the thunderforce would still be greatly weakened in the process.

But Long Chen had still done it that way, and his goal was obvious. He was attempting to use his thunderforce to negate the advantage Yin Wushang had with his Seven Disappearing Cloud Hand.

He had no hopes that his thunderforce could kill him. But his thunderforce could invade through the smallest opening, and it could definitely cause some trouble for him.

BOOM!

Yin Wushang blocked Long Chen’s saber with a fist, but this time, he didn’t have it as easy as last time, and was forced back several steps.

Obviously, blocking both Long Chen and his thunderforce caused him to lose some of his advantages.

“Die!”

Long Chen roared, and a wave of light erupted from his saber, attacking Yin Wushang.