What Meng Qi didn’t expect was that Long Chen already came out just an incense stick’s worth of time later.

“You’re done this quickly?” she asked.

“Meng Qi, if you put it like that, I’ll be very hurt,” said Long Chen.

Meng Qi was at first confused, but then seeing the teasing in Long Chen’s eyes, she immediately turned red, rebuking, “All day, your head is just full of indecent thoughts.”

Long Chen knew Meng Qi’s temperament was more gentle and not like Tang Wan-er. These kinds of jokes weren’t suitable for her, so he laughed. “That’s just because I found that I was worried for nothing. There wasn’t the slightest difficulty. Wan-er is in the process of refining the Dao Rune Fruit. Although it’s slow, there’s not the slightest bit of danger.”

Long Chen had been standing by Tang Wan-er’s side when she had consumed the Dao Rune Fruit. But he found that the fruit didn’t have the slightest resistance and simply allowed Tang Wan-er to absorb it.

However, the amount of energy in it was too great, and Tang Wan-er needed a bit of time. Long Chen had gotten impatient and come out on his own.

From this experiment with Tang Wan-er, Long Chen’s confidence rose even higher. It seemed his crazy thoughts were actually realizable. Of course, the precondition was that he managed to kill that many Celestials.

However, Celestials were rare. The majority of them were hidden by their sects. Someone like Yin Wushang who roved around was not at all common.

The reason Yin Wushang could be so rampant was because he had his background as a member of an ancient family as a deterrence, as well as the fact that it was just his clone.

After all, if he only relied on his true body’s cultivation and didn’t have the battle experience from his clone, there was no way he could become a true expert.

But the world was large, and there were countless geniuses. Celestials were not guaranteed to be safe. So Yin Wushang only dared move around in the surrounding few prefectures. Only by staying within the range of the Yin family could he guarantee his safety.

Thus, the chance of Long Chen finding another Celestial wandering around was very low.

Furthermore, killing one of them would be offending an enormous power. It came at a heavy price.

As for the Dao Rune Fruit, Long Chen merely said it was a kind of miraculous fruit that was born with Dao runes. After consuming it, there was a chance that a person could become a Celestial. He didn’t tell them the true origin of the fruit.

If he let them know that this fruit was Yin Wushang’s core runes, then it was unknown whether or not Tang Wan-er would immediately reject it. So Long Chen kept this secret to himself.

All he had told them was that he was not sure how these fruits were born. Perhaps he would learn the requirements in the future, but for now, it seemed like it relied on the weather.

Meng Qi and Tang Wan-er had thought he had just been spouting rubbish, but in truth, Long Chen’s words weren’t a complete lie. That was because when Celestials fought, the weather really would normally become worse. So looking at the weather wasn’t absolute nonsense.

As for this so-called Dao Rune Fruit, there were actually many kinds of these in this world, so the name didn’t sound foreign.

But in Long Chen’s view, it shouldn’t be called Dao Rune Fruit but a kind of heaven-defying Heavenly Dao Fruit. Furthermore, these weren’t natural but man-made.

After settling Tang Wan-er’s matter, Long Chen gathered up the Dragonblood Legion. He saw that the excitement in their eyes still hadn’t faded.

“Boss, when are you going to bring us out for a fight? My spear is getting hungry,” cried Gu Yang. He was extremely warlike inside, and when he had seen the photographic jade of Long Chen fighting Yin Wushang, he had had an urge to immediately find a large battle for himself.

“You want to fight? Could it be you aren’t even aware of the flaw that is present in all of your bodies?” asked Long Chen.

“Boss, don’t scare us. What flaw are you talking about?” asked Guo Ran.

“You don’t have that problem. But the others all have that flaw. Your cultivation speeds have greatly surpassed your mental realms. Right now, your auras are no longer stable and have started to leak out of your control. Because you’ve advanced too quickly to the late Meridian Opening realm, you didn’t notice it,” said Long Chen.

Now that he brought it up, everyone was startled. Paying close attention to their auras, they truly did sense slight traces of spiritual qi leaking out. But they didn’t sense anything else.

“You aren’t aware that this is a sign your cultivation speed has surpassed your mental realms. It’s not obvious now, but once you reach the Xiantian realm, it will become a huge flaw. In truth, it’s my fault. I forgot to tell you that since you’ve all undergone complete tempering, your body will contain a great deal of medicinal pill energy. Once you reached the Meridian Opening realm, you should have slowed down your cultivation speed,” said Long Chen.

“Then what should we do now?” asked Gu Yang hastily.

“It’s a good thing I came back in time. Starting today, no one should continue cultivating. Stabilize your auras. Cultivation is like rowing a boat upstream. If you don’t advance, you’ll fall back. As soon as you stop cultivating, your speed will slow down, and your realm might even slowly retreat. But don’t worry, because that kind of recession is just temporary. It can help stabilize your foundations slightly,” said Long Chen.

“That’s all?” asked Yue Zifeng.

“Of course not. This is just a stop-gap. To truly stabilize your foundation in a short time requires you to undergo true life and death battles, relying on the pressure of death and the intensity of a fierce battle to completely stabilize your cultivation bases,” said Long Chen.

“Then, should we go after the leftovers of the Yin family? I hear there are still a few dredges from them that are running businesses.” An evil smile appeared on Guo Ran’s face.

“Let that go. Those people are just branch members of the Yin family and not direct descendants. None of them are real experts. To be frank, they’re just a bunch of workers that the Yin family didn’t care about. Why bother with them? Furthermore, killing a few chickens won’t bring you any pressure,” said Long Chen.

“Then what? It seems there aren’t any large battles to be fought right now, right?” said Guo Ran.

“For now, there’s no battle to be fought. Everyone should just rest, relax. Play some chess, drink some wine, rest your balls. Go play with some random missions.”

That was all he had to say. With his reminder, everyone no longer dared to cultivate, and they all scattered to relax. Guo Ran stealthily approached Long Chen.

“Hehe, boss, I have another new invention. Come, let’s find a place for me to open your eyes to the world.”

Outside the Xuantian Supermonastery, in an empty space, Guo Ran waved his hand, and an oddly shaped boat appeared in front of him.

This boat was thirty meters long, and there were countless notches in it with wind spirit stones embedded into them. There was also a large cannon at the head of the boat.

This bronze cannon was three feet thick and two meters long. Dragon-shaped diagrams had been carved into it to give it a grand feeling.

“Boss, this is what I built based on the diagram you gave me. I changed up some minor things, and I also added a cannon to it. I have special cannonballs for it; one use exhausts one thousand wind spirit stones. That power is truly awesome.

“When it comes to Xiantian experts, a single cannon can kill as many of them as there are. I’ve personally tried using a cannonball against a large mountain.

“I’ve also modified the tail, adding a formation to give it the greatest amount of acceleration possible. This boat’s speed will make it appear like a shooting star in the air.

“Furthermore, the leather seats are completely adjustable, allowing you to have a three hundred and sixty degree view, and five speeds-”

“Alright, it sounds and looks pretty amazing. Let’s try it out.” Long Chen jumped into the boat. Guo Ran sat at the front of the boat, and two poles appeared in front of him. He pushed one of those poles forward.

The boat’s countless wind spirit stones lit up, and the formation runes on the rear also activated. The boat became a ray of light that flew into the sky incredibly fast.

“Haha, how is it, boss? Isn’t the feeling of flying amazing?!” Guo Ran crazily shouted as he controlled the boat. Although this wasn’t his first time flying it, he still felt incomparably excited.

“This is twice the speed of a fifth rank Magical Beast. It really is not bad.” Long Chen nodded. He had no choice but to admire Guo Ran. He was truly talented.

Back then, Long Chen had only come up with a brazen idea. He hadn’t expected Guo Ran to actually be able to realize it and to even perfect it to this point.

“Hehe, this is just the starting speed. Didn’t I say there were five speeds? Boss, don’t fall off.”

The boat went through four increases of speed, truly becoming like a meteorite soaring through the air. Long Chen even felt that the air resistance was getting painful. This was truly too fast; he had never experienced this speed before.

“Boss, how is it?”

Guo Ran’s face was already deformed from being blown by the wind, but he still didn’t forget to sound immensely pleased with himself. 

“Five,” said Long Chen out of nowhere.

“What?”

“Four.”

“Boss, what are you talking about?”

“Three. There are three more seconds until we crash into a mountain,” said Long Chen lightly.

“Hm?”

“Two.”

“What the fuck?!”

“One.”

BOOM!

A huge mountain suddenly appeared in front of them. A huge dent was smashed into the flying boat, while Long Chen and Guo Ran were almost directly thrown off.

“Boss, you really know how to mess around.” Guo Ran was slightly speechless.

“Your flying boat really is sturdy.” Long Chen gave him a thumbs-up.

Long Chen had sensed that mountain a while ago. But this was just an earthen mountain, and his Spiritual Strength was able to see through it. So he intentionally didn’t warn Guo Ran.

This proved that Guo Ran’s inventions were truly amazing. Even such a high-speed collision didn’t break the boat.

“Do you want to try firing a cannon?” asked Guo Ran.

“No, although we have many wind spirit stones, they’re still limited. It’s best to save this little bit.” Long Chen shook his head. They wouldn’t be able to get more wind spirit stones in the future. To immediately waste a thousand like that was meaningless.

“This flying boat is practically a divine weapon that can be used to kill people and run. Properly protect it, and don’t expose it if you can.”

Guo Ran nodded. This was a secret weapon. After flying for a bit more, Long Chen and Guo Ran put away the boat and returned to the supermonastery.

As soon as they returned, a Dragonblood disciple ran over. “Boss, experts came looking for you. The monastery head is currently receiving them, and she needs you to get over there as fast as possible!”