Seeing Long Chen standing out, Xiao Yu was both grateful and afraid. It was unexpected that the person to speak up for Xiao Fei would be an outsider.

Xiao Ling had a complicated expression. Long Chen was the first one from the outside world permitted to enter the Xiao tribe in all of history. She didn’t know whether what she had done was right or wrong anymore.

“Big brother Long Chen…” Xiao Fei was stunned.

“Get up when you speak.” Long Chen arrived in front of Xiao Fei.

“I committed a mistake. I should be punished…”

“A mistake? What mistake?” asked Long Chen. “Originally, I thought you were a man, which is the only reason I saved you. But now I find that you’re a coward. You really disappoint me.”

“I’m not a coward!” exclaimed Xiao Fei.

“Did you think that just because you could fight against enemies unafraid of death that you’re not a coward? Did you think that just because you didn’t abandon your companion that you weren’t a coward?

“But you say your decisions were wrong just because someone criticized you? How are you not a coward?

“You risked your life to gather the seven star red spider lily nectar to save someone. You couldn’t bear to see someone close to you suffer the pain of having their soul torn. Let me ask you, if you had to choose again, would you do it again?” asked Long Chen.

Xiao Fei was stunned, but then he nodded. “As long I can stop aunt Qing from suffering that pain, then even if I had to die, I would be willing. If I had to choose again, I would make the same decision.”

An uproar erupted. It was unexpected that Xiao Fei was actually so obstinate. He didn’t feel any regret.

“Xiao Fei, you are the future leader of the tribe. If you ignore the big picture, you will bring danger to the entire Xiao tribe. You aren’t suited to leading the tribe,” said the old tribe leader.

Xiao Fei shouted, “I never wanted to lead the tribe! I don’t have any great ambitions or goals. Ever since my father died, you all started looking down on me. The only one who always took care of me was aunt Qing. But the rest of you treated me as a tool that had to cultivate all-out every day. It’s been ten years already. I’ve long since had enough. 

“If it weren’t for aunt Qing always looking after me, encouraging me, I’d have long since gone crazy because of you. Just because my father was the tribe leader, why do I have to be the next tribe leader? Did you ever ask me if I wanted to? Did you ever ask me what I wanted? I’m just an ordinary cultivator. Must you force a chicken into becoming an eagle?

“You’re the selfish ones! Do you know what it’s like to go all-out cultivating but still be thrown into the distance by your peers? Do you know how many times I thought about taking my own life?

“There are so many geniuses in the tribe. Pick one of them! Why does it have to be me? Only aunt Qing understood me, protected me, and loved me. If I want to die for her, what does it have to do with you?!

“If I die, then I die! Did I ask you to save me?! I just wanted to save aunt Qing! I just want her to not have to suffer! If I had to die, I’d be willing! It has nothing to do with you!”

Xiao Fei became more and more emotional as he spoke. Towards the end, years of grievance began to spill out.

Everyone was silent. Ten years ago, Xiao Fei had just been a child. Thinking of how everyone had looked at him with such disappointment and resentment as he didn’t improve, it truly was a bit unfair. But what other way was there? He was the tribe leader’s son.

Originally, the old tribe leader had already given up his position. But then the new tribe leader had died in battle. And so the old tribe leader had had no choice but to take up the mantle again. That was why everyone called him old tribe leader instead of tribe leader. 

Long Chen patted Xiao Fei’s shoulder. “A man should be manly. What are you crying about? Crying is for the weak. The strong are the ones who make others cry.  Since you were born a man, you have to understand that you were born to be a man capable of supporting heaven and earth. Suffering and grievances are your trials. Only once you pass those trials can you become strong. Weak people don’t get strong just because they want to. They have to have a reason to get stronger. Wipe away those things in your eyes. Don’t start bawling because of a little grievance. You’re a man. Grievances have to be stuffed inside.”

“Yes, big brother Long Chen. I’ll listen to you.” Xiao Fei wiped away his tears and stood up.

For some unknown reason, having Long Chen by his side gave him endless confidence. He trusted that Long Chen’s words were correct. Long Chen definitely wouldn’t trick him.

At this time, the Xiao tribe’s experts were all silent. More people were starting to walk out from the interior of the Xiao tribe. They tightly surrounded them.

Long Chen looked at those people and said, “Xiao Fei is still a child. Although I’m not sure why you’re all pushing him so hard, if my guess is right, his body must be special. He should possess immense potential, which is why you’re pushing him to be your tribe leader.”

Everyone was surprised by his words. Many of them were startled, not understanding what he was saying. They turned to look at the old tribe leader and the Elders.

The old tribe leader nodded slightly. “Yes. Xiao Fei possesses an immense energy within him. Once it’s activated, his accomplishments will very likely surpass the previous tribe leader. He would become the strongest expert born from our Xiao tribe since the Immemorial Path was sealed. Unfortunately…”

He sighed. The other Elders were also somber. They naturally had their own secret troubles for them to force Xiao Fei to work so hard.

Currently, Xiao Fei was just a rank one Celestial. If he was unable to awaken as a rank three Celestial by the time he was sixteen, he would forever be a rank one Celestial.

Within the Immemorial Path, there was the remnant spiritual qi from the immortal era. The children here would automatically awaken as Celestials by the time they were nine years old. But normally, they would only be rank one Celestials. Amongst ten thousand people, perhaps only one person would awaken as a rank two Celestial.

As for Xiao Fei’s father, he had been a terrifying rank three Celestial. Xiao Fei was his only son, and within his body flowed his father’s blood. A terrifying energy was hidden within him, and once it was activated, he would also become a rank three Celestial.

The third rank was the limit for these indigenous people. They suffered under the laws of the Immemorial Path, and so they were unable to break through to the fourth rank.

But as time passed, Xiao Fei grew older, and there was still no sign of his awakening. That energy within him was dormant. That made the higher-ups of the tribe extremely worried.

So they had increased the pressure on Xiao Fei more and more. They hoped he would awaken that energy under their pressure. Now, Xiao Fei was already fifteen years old. They no longer hoped he could awaken as a rank three Celestial. Just becoming a rank two Celestial would make them happy.

In truth, all these Elders cared deeply about Xiao Fei. That was why they were so angry that Xiao Fei would suddenly disappear to go gather the seven star red spider lily nectar at such a time. They were afraid of something unexpected happening to him.

“Since you don’t want to be the future tribe leader, then fine. The old tribe leader is present. Let’s choose a new successor,” said Xiao Gu suddenly.

His intentions were obvious. Amongst the junior generation, he was the strongest. Although they were all rank one Celestials, the only one who could slightly suppress him was Xiao Ling. But there was no precedent of a female tribe leader in the Xiao tribe.

“There’s no need for that. You don’t have the qualifications,” said Long Chen disdainfully.

“What nonsense. How do I not qualify?” raged Xiao Gu.

“Firstly, you’re impatient, hot-tempered, and tyrannical. You like to conduct yourself according to your temper, which is the typical style of a tyrant.

“Secondly, you are selfish and apathetic to anyone else. Xiao Fei is the last generation’s tribe leader’s son. Even the old tribe leader has said that the previous tribe leader died in battle. Xiao Fei is so pitiful, but you still hit him when he’s down, fighting for his position.

“Thirdly, a tribe leader should possess a benevolent heart, a heart for the tribe, a heart to protect the tribe to their death. Xiao Fei is willing to throw away his life for his family. Do you have that courage?

“Fourthly, and this is the most important one, you’re not strong enough. Compared to Xiao Fei, you are greatly lacking.” Long Chen shook his head contemptuously.

The first three points were well said. Everyone had been nodding inside, feeling that Long Chen’s words were correct. But his last point was doubtful.

Xiao Gu was a late Sea Expansion expert, and he was a rank one Celestial. Furthermore, his combat power was also excellent. Was Long Chen getting things backward by saying Xiao Gu was weaker than Xiao Fei?

The old tribe leader was silent. He just calmly watched. As for the white-eyed elder by his side, he hadn’t said a word from the start. His eyes didn’t even move. It was as if he was truly blind.

“Bullshit! How can I be weaker than him? If you can’t accept that, then let’s have a fight right now! The loser doesn’t have the qualifications to be the tribe leader!” sneered Xiao Gu.

His words were quite smart. It wasn’t very realistic for him to suggest that he become the tribe leader just because he won. But once he eliminated Xiao Fei from the competition, then there was no one else more qualified than him in the junior generation. The tribe leader position would still be his. Furthermore, this suggestion wasn’t objectionable.

“I never wanted to be the tribe leader. If you want that position, you can take it. I-” said Xiao Fei.

“Little brother, this time you’re wrong. The tribe leader position is like a peach. Even if you don’t eat it, you can give it to others. That’s called magnanimity. But if someone wants to snatch it from you before you’re offering, then the flavor changes. Then it’s not magnanimity, but cowardice. Furthermore, even if it’s for no one else, I’m sure your aunt Qing also has great expectations for you. She has definitely been looking forward to the day that you succeed the tribe leader position and bring the tribe to glory,” said Long Chen.

When Long Chen mentioned Xiao Qing, Xiao Fei’s eyes reddened. He clearly cared deeply about aunt Qing. He clenched his teeth and said, “Fine, I’ll go all-out.”

Xiao Fei walked over to Xiao Gu, overflowing with battle intent, startling everyone. For Xiao Fei to fight Xiao Gu was just asking to be humiliated.

“Hahaha, good. Then let me see just what you’ll use to go all-out against me,” laughed Xiao Gu.

Xiao Fei had only just taken a few steps when he was held back by Long Chen. “What are you doing?”

“I’m going to go all-out against him. For aunt Qing, I’ll be the tribe leader!” said Xiao Fei.

“What’s the point? You can’t beat him.” Long Chen shook his head.

Xiao Fei was befuddled. Just now, hadn’t he encouraged him? Why was he pouring ice water over him now?

Long Chen couldn’t be bothered to say any more to that child. To Xiao Gu, he said, “It seems you didn’t understand what I meant when I said that you were weaker than him.

“In this world, there are two kinds of power. One is your own strength, and one is outer strength. Xiao Fei’s own strength isn’t as great as yours, but he has outer strength.

“Outer strength?” asked a confused Xiao Gu.

“Hehe, that outer strength is me!” Long Chen lazily smiled and patted himself on the chest.