Although Long Chen had long since been on guard against him, he had still never thought that Marquis Ying’s speed was so terrifying. As soon as he just barely moved, he had already arrived in front of him.

But he had already prepared himself for this. If Marquis Ying wasn’t strong, how could he possibly be listed alongside his father as one of the empire’s top three experts?

Long Chen’s heart was completely calm as he watched the sword slash towards his neck. Any fear was put away. He entered a special kind of state.

Not paying the slightest attention to Marquis Ying’s sword, his power exploded as he slashed the broadsword in his hands at Marquis Ying’s waist.

The broadsword was exceptionally heavy, but now that he had twelve cyclones, his physical strength had reached an inconceivable level. It was not any problem to Long Chen.

Wind whistled. The current Long Chen no longer dared to hold anything back. Slashing with that broadsword with his full strength, even space seemed to be cut apart.

Marquis Ying clearly had not expected that Long Chen would be so unafraid of death. This was clearly an attack that would cause both sides to suffer.

But despite it being such a basic method, it caused his attack to completely collapse. The sword in his hand was only three feet long, a standard sword length.

But Long Chen’s broadsword was seven feet long. If their attacks continued like this, then the result would be that while his sword would manage to slash through Long Chen’s throat, Long Chen’s broadsword would also cut his body apart.

No matter how conceited he was, he would never dare use his body to block Long Chen’s broadsword. Even a Tendon Transformation expert like him was unable to do that. He had no choice but to give up his attack. Turning his body, he floated back, dodging the sword by just a fraction of an inch.

Although Long Chen seemed as if he was planning on bringing Marquis Ying down even at the cost of his own life, the truth was that he was sure that if he had dodged instead, Marquis Ying would have continued to press his advantage. If he let Marquis Ying attack him consecutively, he would just be quickening his defeat.

Seeing Marquis Ying retreat, Long Chen roared, his voice like thunder. His broadsword’s slash suddenly stopped and became a stab straight towards Marquis Ying’s stomach.

Marquis Ying had only just dodged when he saw Long Chen suddenly change attacks. His expression couldn’t help but change slightly.

After all, that broadsword was heavy to an astonishing level. Marquis Ying had already noticed that, and that was why he didn’t dare take it head-on.

But such a shockingly heavy broadsword was controlled so easily by Long Chen. He was even capable of switching attacks in the middle of his movements. That meant Long Chen’s physical strength had already reached a terrifying level.

“Hmph, it’s just brute force.” Marquis Ying coldly snorted. His sword streaked through the air and heavily stabbed against Long Chen’s broadsword.

Sparks shot everywhere. Long Chen was shocked that his full strength attack was pushed to the side by Marquis Ying’s sword, causing his sword to only hit air as it went past Marquis Ying’s body.

More importantly, he had used so much force that with the addition of Marquis Ying’s sword stab, Long Chen’s body was also forced forward along with his broadsword.

Long Chen had only just realized what a terrible situation he was in when Marquis Ying’s sword shot out as fast as lightning, aiming right for a vital point on his stomach.

Relying on his spirit’s battle experience, he instinctively twisted.

Marquis Ying’s speed was too quick for him to dodge. His sword stabbed a bloody hole in his stomach.

Luckily, Long Chen’s twisting had caused him to miss a vital point. But before Long Chen could even take a breath, Marquis Ying’s second slash was already coming, this time for his throat.

Long Chen’s heart was wildly thumping. This was what a Tendon Transformation expert was? There was no way to fight on par with him. In front of Marquis Ying, Long Chen was like a child without the slightest ability to retaliate!

The speed of Marquis Ying’s sword was inconceivable. It was already too late for him to dodge. He could only watch with his eyes opened as it approached his throat.

Other than the icy-cold sword that was approaching, the only other thing in his eyes was Marquis Ying whose expression was filled with ridicule and resentment. This was the first time Long Chen felt death being so close.

“Fuck off!”

A golden light flew by. Due to the wind revolving around it, a sharp whistling sound rang out as it cut the air apart.

Just as Marquis Ying’s sword had been about to pierce Long Chen’s throat, a huge golden ax viciously chopped down at Marquis Ying.

Wilde’s reactions had been a bit slow. Seeing the two of them talking and then suddenly start fighting, he hadn’t even reacted until he saw that Long Chen’s life was about to be lost. In a great hurry, he had charged forward, swinging down his ax with his full strength.

Marquis Ying had been just about to kill Long Chen. Suddenly feeling his back turn cold and an intense mortal danger, although he was a bit unwilling, he had no choice but to give up his killing attack on Long Chen and swing his sword up to meet Wilde’s battle-ax.

Wilde was forced back dozens of meters and looked in shock at Marquis Ying.

Marquis Ying also didn’t have an easy time as he was shaken back several meters. His sword blow just now had used a technique to shift the majority of the power away. However, he was still forced back. Even his arm was somewhat numb. He was actually greatly shaken by this. Wilde was practically a Magical Beast in human form.

Having his life saved, Long Chen quickly whispered a few things to Wilde, ending with, “Wilde, he’s very difficult to deal with. We’ll have to stake our lives.”

“Stake your lives?” Marquis Ying rubbed his somewhat numb arm and sneered, “With just your superficial tricks and that brute force? You two might be very powerful compared to others, but in front of a Tendon Transformation expert like me, neither of you have the slightest chance.”

Long Chen pointed his sword at Marquis Ying. “Whether or not we have a chance is something we’ll only know after trying.”

Marquis Ying didn’t seem to be in a rush to kill them. He stabbed his sword into the ground like a crutch. He began to indifferently speak:

“Although I can’t see through your cultivation bases, there’s not the slightest trace of Blood Qi coming from your bodies. That means you are both in Qi Condensation.

“As a present I’ll be sending to your father, I’ll do you a favor and tell you just how great the difference is between us.

“At Qi Condensation, you absorb heaven and earth’s spiritual qi into your own body, allowing you to use heaven and earth’s power for your own. What you cultivate is qi.

“At Blood Condensation, you use heaven and earth’s spiritual qi to purify your blood. It allows you to strengthen your body. What you cultivate is physical power.

“Qi and physical strength add together to release a great strength. However, it is only additive.

“Once you reach Tendon Transformation, your body’s physical strength explodes and qi nourishes your soul. Your qi and physical body merge together perfectly.

“However, at Tendon Transformation, the might produced by qi and body is no longer additive, but multiplicative. If Blood Condensation’s combat level is ten plus ten, then Tendon Transformation’s combat level is ten times ten.”

Long Chen’s core was shaken greatly. He knew Marquis Ying wasn’t telling them this information to be nice.

He was telling them just how great the difference between them was in order to make them give up and despair.

Although he knew that, Long Chen’s heart was still horrified. If what he said was really true, then they really wouldn’t stand a chance.

And even ignoring his power, just Marquis Ying’s strange movements and his speed which was fast as lightning were enough to shock him.

This was an absolutely hopeless situation. No wonder the fourth prince had dared to scheme against him. Long Chen was to kill Xia Changfeng, and then Marquis Ying would then kill him. It was a truly profound scheme.

Wilde obviously wasn’t thinking as much as Long Chen. He only glared straight at Marquis Ying. “Brother Long, what is he saying? Additive and multiplicative? What’s Qi Condensation and Blood Condensation?”

“Don’t bother with what he says. Remember what I told you just now,” replied Long Chen quietly. 

Marquis Ying indifferently looked at Long Chen. “What? You really still want to struggle at this point? Do you doubt what I just said?”

Long Chen raised his sword at him and sneered, “Did you think I wouldn’t notice that you’re wearing a photographic jade on your chest? You just want to take a picture of my despair before death for my father, right?”

He had been too nervous before. But now he noticed there was a strange jade on his chest.

That jade had many curving lines on it. Although Long Chen had never studied inscription arts, he had heard of photographic jades. The inscriptions on them allowed them to record pictures or even short videos. 

“Haha, I really never expected to be seen through by you. How boring.” Marquis Ying lightly stroked the jade. “I really did want to send the full image as the gift. First, I’ll send your head to him. Then, I’ll show him the image of your deathbed struggle. Only then can I relieve the hatred I’ve repressed for so many years.”

Long Chen laughed, “What a shady move. You really are a contemptible little man. A half-man half-woman sissy. You only use these disdainful moves. My father could sever your finger; today I’ll show you that I can sever your head.”

He suddenly stamped his foot. Even the land trembled with him as his shot forward like a wild gale, slashing his sword at Marquis Ying.

“Hmph, ignorant kid, today I’ll let you see just how terrifying it is when qi merges with your body.”

Marquis Ying coldly snorted and his robes began to float without any wind. Green veins began to bulge on his skin like many swimming snakes.

That was a specific attribute of the Tendon Transformation realm. When his entire body was covered in green veins, his aura suddenly exploded and terrifying energy shot out everywhere. The space around him was even twisted and warped.

Seeing this, Long Chen gritted his teeth. No matter how powerful Marquis Ying was, he had to do his utmost to fight. Otherwise, he definitely wouldn’t have a good death.

He was afraid of death. If he really did die, what would happen to his mother? What would happen to Chu Yao? What about his arrangement with Meng Qi? He couldn’t die. 

Only by going all out and risking his life would there even be the slightest chance of him surviving. His entire energy gathered into the broadsword.

Long Chen placed aside his fear and bravely charged into the face of death. Without realizing it, his FengFu Star began to slowly circulate.

But after it had only half circulated, it seemed as if some sort of energy was lacking and it returned to calm.

“Die!”

He courageously charged forward. His sword shook the heavens as he used his full force to bring it slashing down.