Long Chen had instantly caught Yin Wushuang, horrifying everyone. Yin Wushuang was a top expert, but why did it seem she didn’t even have the slightest ability to resist in front of Long Chen?

They didn’t know that Yin Wushuang had already become terrified by Long Chen. When he appeared in front of her, her head would go blank, and her reactions would be slowed. Her first thought was that she was dead.

The entire crowd was silent. Even now, they didn’t understand what was going on.

Space was constantly trembling as more and more people appeared. The various monastery disciples were returning.

Quite a few of them were the ones who had helped to attack Long Chen. They were shocked to see that he was still able to capture Yin Wushuang despite everyone present. Yin Wushuang’s life and death would be decided by a single thought from Long Chen.

“What? The others all died inside? What happened?!” The seventh monastery’s sect leader interrogated one of his core disciples.

Whether it was the seventh monastery’s sect leader or the others, they were all shocked and infuriated by what they were seeing. They were demanding answers.

“Long Chen, release Yin Wushuang. Otherwise, your heavy sins will get even worse.” The first monastery’s sect leader was infuriated the most.

Yin Wushuang was a disciple from an ancient family, and she had only come here for tempering. If something happened to her, even he would be punished.

But as a sect leader with a grand position, he was used to using his position to force others. Unfortunately, he was wrong. Long Chen did not submit to that.

“Fuck your heavy sins. You old, petty-minded trash, for some small matter, you actually wanted me to die within the secret realm. You had Yin Wushuang and Han Tianyu set up all kinds of schemes against me, causing many of my good brothers to die. When it comes to heavy sins, you’re the most outstanding. Fuck your mother, you actually dare let out such sanctimonious farts here, was your face made out of leather?” cursed Long Chen.

“Nonsense! How dare you slander people so venomously, you-” raged the first monastery’s sect leader.

Long Chen lightly swung his saber, and Yin Wushuang’s arm fell from her body, making everyone jump in shock. Long Chen actually dared sever Yin Wushuang’s arm in front of this many people.

“Long Chen, do you know Yin Wushuang’s background? By doing this, you will cause your entire 108th monastery to be eradicated,” roared the first monastery’s sect leader.

Another arm fell. Yin Wushuang’s face was pale as paper, and her whole body was trembling. However, her throat was caught by Long Chen, and she wasn’t able to say a single thing.

“What did you say? I didn’t hear you!” Long Chen icily glared at him. His blood-colored saber pressed against Yin Wushuang’s throat.

The first monastery’s sect leader’s expression completely changed. Long Chen had definitely gone crazy. Nobody’s threats had any use and would only infuriate him instead.

“Ling Yun-zi, do you not want to say anything to your disciple?!” The first monastery’s sect leader turned to icily glare at Ling Yun-zi.

Ling Yun-zi merely smiled and said, “Long Chen is my monastery’s most outstanding disciple. I will support whatever he wants to do. As for your threat of destroying my 108th monastery, let them come! It matters not.”

“You…!” The first monastery’s sect leader’s expression grew exceedingly ugly. He hadn’t expected Ling Yun-zi to indulge Long Chen so much.

“Hahaha, good kid. This is what a hero should be like. Isn’t the worst case just death? Unless you become an immortal or god, who won’t die? Living should be all about doing as you please, repaying gratitude and enmity. If you are just terrified of every little thing, then what is the point of cultivating?” Cang Ming patted Ling Yun-zi’s shoulder, laughing grandly.

Suddenly, more people appeared. When they appeared, the crowd was startled and furious.

Guo Ran was the first to appear, still wearing his armor. The original color of his armor was already hidden completely by blood. Countless pieces of flesh were still caught all over it, and a strong, bloody stench came from it.

Tang Wan-er, Wilde, Gu Yang, Song Mingyuan, Li Qi, and Yue Zifeng all appeared. Only Luo Cang hadn’t come because he was already dead.

“Boss, we’ve come!”

Seeing that Long Chen had caught Yin Wushuang, Guo Ran laughed heartily. As long as they could kill Yin Wushuang as revenge for their brothers, then even if they had to sacrifice their lives, they wouldn’t hesitate for a moment.

Seeing them, all the sect leaders were appalled. Every single one of them reeked of blood and was releasing boundless killing intent. Even Tang Wan-er was covered in blood. Just how many people had these few killed?

The most terrifying one was Wilde. Other than his eyes being black, his entire body was red. His spiked club still had a trail of intestines caught on it, and it seemed he wasn’t even aware of it.

Seeing them all arrive, Cang Ming and Ling Yun-zi were both extremely moved. When Long Chen had come back on his own, they had assumed the others had already died.

Cang Ming was especially excited. Seeing Wilde had returned safe and sound, he almost started to dance with joy.

Most exciting of all, each of them was like a divine blade that had finally been unsheathed, their sharpness capable of cutting apart the heavens. Even under the gaze of all these Xiantian experts, there wasn’t the slightest unease on their faces.

That meant that each of their mental realms had already arrived at the point of being unafraid of death, a state where honor or disgrace no longer mattered. Such a mental realm was something even experts that had cultivated for over a hundred years wouldn’t necessarily be able to achieve.

“Long Chen, what do you want as compensation to release Yin Wushuang? Let me tell you, she is a disciple from an ancient family, and that’s not an existence you can provoke. You should be careful of her family tearing out your muscles and turning your bones to ashes.” A pale Han Tianyu finally opened his mouth.

He had just been healed by an expert, and his inner injuries were much better. However, his injuries had been too severe, and so he was still completely pale.

His words caused Yin Wushuang to become filled with endless terror and fury. Both she and Han Tianyu knew Long Chen’s temperament by now. He never submitted to any threat.

For Han Tianyu to threaten Long Chen now, it was clearly because he was trying to infuriate him and have him kill Yin Wushuang.

In that way, Yin Wushuang would be dead, and Long Chen would also be dead. It was precisely because she understood Han Tianyu’s insidious scheme that her eyes filled with such rancor. Han Tianyu actually wanted her dead.

“Hahahaha, Han Tianyu, you really are a good guy. Thank you for reminding me. An ancient family is truly an enormous existence, and I’m really scared of them. I’ve decided, I won’t kill Yin Wushuang.” Long Chen suddenly laughed.

“Then you should hurry up and release her. You little traitor, treating her like this is already a blasphemy. Once you release her, you’ll still definitely have to die as an apology.”

Panic flashed in Han Tianyu’s eyes. If Long Chen didn’t kill her, then his actions were still forgivable. Considering how talented he was, he wouldn’t necessarily be killed. But what Han Tianyu wanted the most was for him to die no matter the cost.

Yin Wushuang was filled with rancor. She had never dreamed that the man she loved would treat her like this. She wanted to bite him to death, but unfortunately, she had no jaw.

Long Chen smiled. He took out three medicinal pills from his spatial ring and forced them down her throat.

“I won’t kill you right now. I’ll give you seven days to live. But you also don’t need to thank me, because during these seven days, you will feel ten thousand ants devouring your heart, ten thousand poisonous bugs sucking up your marrow, and ten thousand insects biting your soul.

“Unless you can find the legendary Thousand Heart Snow Lotus, your body will begin to decay as soon as those seven days are up.

“Your skin will rot first, and then your flesh, and then your bones. Most terrifying of all, you won’t even be able to feel this corrosion.

“You’ll be able to see your body slowly rotting and falling off, but you won’t be able to feel any pain. That’s because you’ll have already felt all that pain during the first seven days, so you should feel very blessed.

“I’d advise you not to try any pills to expel the poison, because I personally made this poison pill, and there’s no one else in the world who understands it.

“And so, your life is up to the heavens. If you can find the Thousand Heart Snow Lotus, then I suppose that means your life really is hardy. But if you can’t find it, hehe, just quietly enjoy your last seven days. If you have any unfinished business, you should finish it quickly. For example, marrying and having children,” said Long Chen.

His voice was extremely calm, but it made people feel incredibly cold. Despite being surrounded by Xiantian experts, each of Long Chen’s words was filled with confidence, and no one could doubt what he had said.

Long Chen suddenly threw Yin Wushuang over to Han Tianyu, who hastily caught her.

Han Tianyu was filled with disappointment, but he still acted ecstatic and excitedly said, “Sister Wushuang, wonderful! That really scared me to death!”

“AH!”

Han Tianyu suddenly screamed as Yin Wushuang ruthlessly slammed her head against Han Tianyu’s nose. His nose broke and he even began to tear up.

One reason was that Han Tianyu had no defense up, while the other reason was how weak he currently was. As a result, his entire face became bloody.

What shocked everyone was that even after smashing his nose, Yin Wushuang still viciously bit his nose as well. Although she had no lower jaw, she used purely her upper jaw’s strength to tear off his nose, making Han Tianyu scream and kick her away.

Only after she was kicked away did people see that Yin Wushuang’s face was starting to darken and twist, and her body was constantly twitching.

Everyone’s hearts turned cold. They all thought of what Long Chen had just said: ten thousand ants devouring your heart, ten thousand poisonous bugs sucking up your marrow, and ten thousand insects biting your soul.

“Long Chen, how dare you be so vicious to a member of the same sect!” shouted the first monastery’s sect leader.

“Shut your fucking mouth. We were vicious? Fuck your fucking mom, this idiot woman caused so many people to die, and you say we’re vicious? Are you blind?” Guo Ran could no longer hold back and directly cursed while pointing at the first monastery’s sect leader.

“Rebellion! The 108th monastery’s disciples have killed members of the same sect viciously and cruelly. Everyone, help me capture them!” shouted the first monastery’s sect leader. Over twenty Xiantian experts immediately rushed forward, completely surrounded Ling Yun-zi, Long Chen, and all the others.

“Stop!”

Just as the first monastery was planning on settling this matter in a single strike, a beautiful figure appeared in front of them.