The wind blade in Tang Wan-er’s hand had just blocked an attack from Han Tianfeng. That powerful attack had directly destroyed her wind blade.

Now that Yin Wushuang’s sword was slashing over, she hastily extended her hand, condensing a huge wind shield to protect herself.

BANG! Her wind shield exploded and she was blown back. In midair, she vomited a mouthful of blood, dyeing her robes red. Her face was pale as paper. Yin Wushuang’s sword had been incredibly insidious, and it had injured her inner organs.

“Senior sister Wushuang, didn’t you say you would leave her alive for me? I want this woman. However, I don’t want a dead woman.” Han Tianfeng smiled sinisterly, the sword in his hand not slowing down in the slightest as it let loose a rain of attacks on Tang Wan-er.

Last time when he had fought with Tang Wan-er, she had been powerful, but there had been an absolute gap between the two of them.

If Mo Nian had not suddenly appeared, he would have long since captured her. But this time, he was shocked to find that Tang Wan-er had managed to close much of that gap. She now possessed the ability to resist him.

That filled him with absolute shock, as well as great jealousy. That jealousy was towards Long Chen for possessing such a powerful beauty. He was filled with fury and unwillingness.

“This person is Long Chen’s woman. If you want to make Long Chen a cuckold, it’s up to you.” Yin Wushuang smiled icily.

Previously, she had been miserably defeated by Long Chen. If it hadn’t been for that teleportation talisman, Long Chen really might have killed her.

That had caused her to lose all her prestige, and so her hatred of Long Chen and everyone beside him had sunk into her bones. The arrest warrant for Long Chen had actually been sent out by her using Han Tianyu’s name.

Not only did she target Long Chen, but she also included every disciple from the 108th monastery. Due to being tied together by Long Chen, all the 108th monastery disciples had been issued a death warrant.

She was truly infuriated. She wanted to kill Long Chen along with every other disciple from the 108th monastery within the secret realm, making them forever stay here.

As for the consequences of this, she wasn’t afraid. Although she could count as a monastery disciple, her family was powerful, and she didn’t believe the monastery would dare to do anything to her.

Furthermore, she could just make an excuse saying Long Chen was a fiend, and these were his evil followers. In any case, she had a huge amount of ‘proof’ as evidence of Long Chen’s crimes.

At that time, Long Chen and the others would already be dead. Even if people knew the truth, so what? The dead could not testify and just who else would dare try to go against their first monastery?

And so Yin Wushuang had already put aside all her misgivings. All she wanted was revenge, to make Long Chen feel terrible enough to die, to let him know that offending her, Yin Wushuang, was an immense mistake. She would make Long Chen feel regret.

“You’re all shameless!” Tang Wan-er was so furious that her whole body was trembling. She tightly clenched her teeth as wind blades once more surged violently around her, launching a powerful attack.

“Shameless? No, no, no, this can’t count as being shameless. I have all kinds of truly shameless methods. Once you’re caught on my bed, you’ll understand, hahaha!” Han Tianfeng laughed pervertedly.

His voice was controlled very well and only spread far enough for the three of them to hear it. The spectators were unable to hear it.

“Properly torment this slut. Don’t forget to use a photographic jade at that time. That’ll be my gift for Long Chen, hahaha!” Yin Wushuang also laughed crazily.

“Good, then let’s capture her alive. Don’t carelessly kill her, as I can’t play with a corpse.” After laughing pervertedly, Han Tianfeng’s sword once more attacked sharply.

BOOM! The wind blade in Tang Wan-er’s hand once more exploded. After all, she had only just advanced to the Bone Forging realm, and she had yet to stabilize her foundation.

As for these two, their cultivation bases were extremely powerful, and their weapons were all priceless treasures. More importantly, these two had already tempered two of their bones, so Tang Wan-er was still too lacking in comparison to them.

If the two of them didn’t want to capture her alive, then a beauty would have long since fallen from this world. But after such a long and intense fight, her spiritual energy was about to be exhausted.

Seeing both their swords stabbing towards her again, Tang Wan-er surprisingly didn’t block or dodge. Instead, she threw herself towards the swords, wanting to kill herself.

“You want to die? It’s not that easy.”

Both Han Tianfeng and Yin Wushuang sneered mockingly. After having to waste this much time, how could they let her die so easily?

Their swords tilted, turning from stabs into swats. They used their spiritual qi to scatter Tang Wan-er’s spiritual qi so that Tang Wan-er would instantly lose any ability to resist. She wouldn’t even be able to suicide.

“Fuck off!”

Suddenly, an angry roar rang out like divine fury shaking the nine heavens. At the same time, a fist smashed into their swords.

BOOM! Han Tianfeng and Yin Wushuang felt a powerful force blow them back hundreds of meters.

A figure appeared in front of Tang Wan-er, his robes fluttering, his long hair dancing in the wind, and two eyes shining like the stars. Violent killing intent surged out of him, looking like a killing god who had descended into this world to slaughter all life.

This person’s arrival caused everyone to let out a startled cry, as practically no one didn’t recognize him.

“Long Chen!”

Tang Wan-er looked at that familiar back while tears streaming down her eyes.

Long Chen turned back and apologized, “Sorry I was late. I’ve made you suffer.”

Tang Wan-er bit her cherry lips, her teardrops like pearls dripping down her face. She couldn’t help but throw herself into Long Chen’s embrace.

“Scoundrel, why’d you only come now?! If you were one step later, I’d never be able to see you again. I was afraid…” Tang Wan-er gave in to her tears.

In the face of death, she hadn’t been thinking too much. But now that Long Chen had appeared, she was filled with lingering fear, and she became like a crying child, trying to relieve herself of all her grievances.

“It’s okay, everything’s fine. Just give me some time and I’ll cut them down.” Long Chen gently patted Tang Wan-er’s back.

“I’ll fight with you. They’re very powerful.” Tang Wan-er rubbed away her tears. Extending a hand, a wind blade once more appeared. She was the one who was most aware of just how powerful they were.

How could she possibly not be able to tell that neither Han Tianfeng nor Yin Wushuang had used their full strength yet? Previously, she had intentionally just been stalling the entire time. Until it had reached the absolute end, she hadn’t given up. She had always been waiting for a miracle to appear. And now, a miracle had finally appeared.

However, Long Chen’s cultivation base was only at the mid Tendon Transformation realm. No matter how strong he was, there was no way he could fight the two of them at the same time.

“Just two pieces of trash. If I don’t beat them to the point that even their mothers wouldn’t recognize them, then I won’t be Long Chen,” snorted Long Chen. He turned back, looking at the shocked Han Tianfeng and Yin Wushuang.

With his hands clasped behind his back, killing intent surged out of his eyes as he looked at the two of them. At this point, he was already too lazy to say anything. He simply slowly walked over to them.

Seeing that figure, Tang Wan-er was filled with warmth. That figure was like a battle god to her, giving her a sense of complete ease.

“Long Chen, your arrival is perfect. You absolute fiendish beast, today I’ll kill you in place of the Heavenly Daos!”

Han Tianfeng was flabbergasted at Long Chen’s arrival, as well as shocked by his strength. He was actually able to force the two of them back with a single punch. Furthermore, his current appearance seemed like the ruler of all life, causing him to be extremely displeased.

“Long Chen, you perverted traitor, today I’ll tear you to pieces and grind your bones to ashes! I’ll make you regret ever being born in this world!” Yin Wushuang ground her teeth.

Her miserable loss to Long Chen had become her heart-devil now. Whenever she closed her eyes, the only thing she saw was Long Chen’s eyes that were filled with killing intent.

When she had advanced to the Bone Forging realm, she had been invaded by that heart-devil and almost failed to advance. She had been extremely lucky in her breakthrough.

But if she was unable to kill Long Chen, then this heart-devil would continue to fester. If this state persisted, she would never be able to advance to the Meridian Opening realm.

So seeing Long Chen now caused her hatred to soar, and she even wished to bite away his flesh. Her sword was quivering because of her emotions.

“Don’t move. He’s mine!” shouted Yin Wushuang. Her aura completely exploded out, and the bones of her right arm emitted a crackling sound as a powerful pressure arose.

The first thing Yin Wushuang had done after advancing to Bone Forging was temper two bones of her right arm. That allowed her strength to reach a terrifying level.

At the same time, it also increased the amount of spiritual qi she could store. This kind of power was practically unblockable. Although she temporarily hadn’t had enough time to temper more bones, just these two already allowed her to be able to look down arrogantly on others.

“Go to hell, you bastard!” With a final cold shout, Yin Wushuang’s sword suddenly tore through the space. A silver sword-light soared into the sky, and it appeared like a silver river as it hacked down on Long Chen.

“What a terrifying sword! She wasn’t using her true strength before.”

“She really is too strong. Just the aftershocks of this kind of attack can instantly kill me,” said a Favored with a quivering voice.

Everyone present had already advanced to the Bone Forging realm. Having just advanced, they were all filled with confidence.

But now seeing this attack, that new confidence of theirs was shattered.

They had finally realized a certain fact: they had advanced, but others had also advanced. Cannon fodder would always remain cannon fodder.

“Long Chen won’t be defeated in just one attack, right? That would be too boring.”

A blood-colored saber suddenly appeared in Long Chen’s hand. A large saber-image smashed heavily onto Yin Wushuang’s sword-image.

That sword-image instantly collapsed, and a terrifying Saber Qi smashed into Yin Wushuang.

In front of everyone’s stunned eyes, Yin Wushuang was knocked back into the distance and vomited a mouthful of blood.

The berserk power had blown apart her headband, causing her long hair to become a mess, and her eyes were filled with absolute shock.

The entire crowd was deathly silent. Everyone’s gazes landed upon the calm, expressionless Long Chen.

At this time, Long Chen was still maintaining his posture after swinging. That blow had seemed like a random slash from a divinity.

“If you hadn’t done what you’ve done, you wouldn’t die so soon. But it seems you don’t understand that. Since you want to die so much, I’ll help you out.”

Suddenly, a three-hundred-meter divine ring appeared behind Long Chen, and a terrifying pressure shot out.