Long Chen turned back to see that that old man, who had shot by just now, had quickly returned.

That old man’s face was very wrinkled, appearing quite frightening. When he arrived right in front of the three of them, he was especially terrifying.

When Long Chen didn’t reply, the old man impatiently shouted, “This old man asked whether or not you’re Long Chen!”

“Yes, I’m Long Chen. Do you have advice for me?” Long Chen was a bit baffled, but he still replied.

“You’re Long Chen?!” That old man ground his teeth. His eyes became bloodthirsty like those of a beast, appearing exceptionally terrifying. The three of them couldn’t help but retreat a couple of steps.

Long Chen’s spiritual qi began to circulate. He was ready to fight at any moment. He could sense a horrifying aura from that old man’s body.

“Does senior need something?”

That old man looked at Long Chen, his eyes like blades as he coldly said, “You’re the junior generation. Do you not know to greet the senior generation when you meet?”

Long Chen was startled, but suddenly a terrifying aura locked him in place. He felt as if several tons of force were crashing down on him, making it so he couldn’t breathe easily.

Wilde was still alright and was just barely able to withstand it. But Chu Yao’s face immediately turned pale without the slightest trace of blood. She was shaking and about to fall.

Long Chen immediately pulled Chu Yao closer to himself. He used his spiritual qi to resist that terrifying spiritual pressure.

“Have you fucking eaten the wrong medicine?” Long Chen couldn’t help but feel infuriated and start cursing. Did this old man have some mental disorder?

“Ignorant junior, this old man will teach you a lesson today about how to respect your seniors!” Seeing Long Chen was trying to resist, he was a bit surprised and increased the spiritual pressure.

Wilde roared angrily and his body turned slightly red. He tenaciously resisted the spiritual pressure, giving the old man a shock

The spiritual pressure he was releasing was enough to make it so even Tendon Transformation experts were unable to endure. But this giant kid was able to resist it with just the power of his physical body.

Despite being by Long Chen’s side and having him counteracting the majority of the spiritual pressure, Chu Yao still suffered harm and spat out a mouthful of blood, her face as pale as paper.

“You old bastard, go to hell!” Long Chen angrily roared. He was just about to summon out his divine ring when a calm voice rang out.

“Stop.”

That voice wasn’t loud and was filled with calm without the slightest bit of anger. But that old man’s face immediately turned pale. Although he was a bit unwilling, he withdrew his spiritual pressure.

Long Chen immediately felt the pressure lighten. Chu Yao was finally relieved of that great pressure, but her face was still completely pale.

Only then did Long Chen realize that at some point, several people had appeared around them. They were currently observing them with a bit of surprise.

There were a total of seven people. They were mostly old men with only one beautiful woman who appeared to be in her thirties. But her expression was completely icy cold.

That voice had come from one of the old men. That old man’s face was like an old plank, looking as if he had been carved by a knife. His expression was serious as he coldly looked at that old man which had attacked Long Chen. “No wonder after all these years you have yet to make any progress. All your cultivation has gone to thickening your skin.”

The others all had odd expressions with a bit of ridicule in them. But within their gaze was clearly a delight in seeing his misfortune.

That old man’s face immediately turned red. He was furious; however, he didn’t dare release that anger.

However, he still forced out, “This kid was rude to a senior. So what if I teach him a lesson? For Elder Tu Fang to care about this is a bit too far!”

“Zhao Changxing, don’t bother trying to cover up anything. Isn’t it only because you didn’t manage to swallow up all the profit this time and end up wasting all your effort that you released your anger on a youth? Your Bloodnet Sect’s people must really not care about your face anymore,” snorted another old man coldly.

From that, Long Chen immediately understood why that the old man called Zhao Changxing would target him like this. So he was from the same sect as that white-robed man.

If it weren’t for him being too weak right now, he would have jumped up and immediately attacked this old man.

“A grand Bone Forging expert actually attacked a Blood Condensation junior. Your skin really is thick. If I peeled it off, it could even be used as a shield impervious to sword or spear, water or fire.” Another person also coldly ridiculed him.

That Zhao Changxing only held some fear for Tu Fang. He was completely unafraid of the others. Hearing them ridicule him, he sneered, “If you don’t accept this, then let’s settle things with our fists! There’s no need to learn from your wives and fight with your tongues!”

Those two people, who had spoken out, were infuriated and were about to say something when Tu Fang waved his hand, stopping everyone’s quarrel. “You’re all from your various sects with your own prestige. Don’t let the junior generation laugh at you. Let this matter stop here.”

No one continued to argue after that old man said that. But suddenly one of the Elders looked approvingly at Long Chen and said:

“Little fellow, you’re really not bad. When I heard that you beat a sect disciple, I didn’t even believe it. But seeing you easily resist a Bone Forging expert’s spiritual pressure, you really do possess the ability to kill an outer sect disciple. How about it, do you have the interest in joining my Clear Sea Gate? With your talent, you’ll at least be an inner disciple. If you are favored by the seniors in the sect, even being promoted to core disciple wouldn’t be difficult.”

Everyone’s expression quickly changed, and they all one by one opened their mouths as well.

“I’m from the Yuan Returning School. I can guarantee that you’ll definitely have the position of a core disciple. How about it?”

“A core disciple is nothing. Little fellow, let me tell you, not only will I guarantee you a core disciple status, but you will also have a high chance of obtaining our sect daughter who has been called the number one beauty of our sect. Little fellow, don’t disappoint my good opinion of you.”

“Hey, you conman! Your sect daughter is only eight years old! Must you trick others like this?”

“Hmph, as long as he cultivates for another ten years, why would that matter? How is it conning?”

“...”

Long Chen’s group of three could only blankly stare at these sect people with high statuses and high cultivation bases that could stand shoulder to shoulder with that Zhao Changxing.

Such strong people were actually fighting over Long Chen to pull him into their sects. That was completely out of Long Chen’s expectations. Originally, he had thought he would have to beg and suck up in order to get accepted.

“Hmph, kid, you’ve caused a great deal of damage for our Bloodnet Sect this time. But if you join my Bloodnet Sect, I’ll generously agree to forget about this and put all my effort to grooming you.” Even Zhao Changxing’s anger now disappeared as he thickened his face.

Zhao Changxing had come here to represent the Bloodnet Sect in the negotiations. After all, the vein of ore was noticed by them the earliest, so no matter what, they should at least get a portion.

But after coming here, he was dejected to find that the Phoenix Cry Empire’s territory had a total of seven sects around it.

According to the past agreement, if a vein appeared in this area, everyone would extract it together and split it equally. That way the best way to avoid any disputes.

But the Bloodnet Sect’s actions were a grave violation of that agreement, the result being that they were kicked out from the consideration. They wouldn’t even be able to obtain even a single piece of the spirit stone mine.

That was why Zhao Changxing was so angry. He was helpless in the face of the other six sects’ agreement. And especially since Tu Fang was present, he could only swallow his anger at that time. That was why his fury had exploded when he saw Long Chen. 

He could immediately tell that Long Chen was just at the Blood Condensation realm. But such a person was actually able to resist his powerful pressure without the slightest panic. As soon as he thought about it for a moment, he realized Long Chen must have been the main reason as to why their plan to obtain the entire spirit stone mine had failed, causing him to feel even more fury.

But as part of their sects’ agreement, they were unable to directly attack people from the secular world. He had had no choice but to offer a lame excuse as to why he had attacked him. Although he didn’t dare kill Long Chen, he had to at least suppress him a bit to relieve some of his anger.

And now seeing all those people try to rope in Long Chen, he immediately had to backtrack. 

He had already failed to obtain a single thing from the spirit stone mine. If he could pull in an extraordinary talented disciple back, that would make up for some of the failure. The sect wouldn’t lose out too much. That was why he had opened his mouth.

But when he opened his mouth, the others all became silent and looked at him strangely. There was ridicule, despise, and even some admiration in their looks.

“His thick skin is probably the thickest in all of history,” people couldn’t help but sigh inside. However, none of them said anything. Since he had offered such a choice, it was up to Long Chen to choose.

“What do you think? Do you want to return with me to the Bloodnet Sect? Think about it properly kid. Don’t regret your decision.”

Zhao Changxing’s gaze was tightly fixed on Long Chen. The threat within his words was obvious.

“Hahaha!” Suddenly, Long Chen laughed so hard that even tears started to come out, causing Zhao Changxing’s face to become increasingly ugly.

“Kid, what are you laughing about?” Zhao Changxing raged.

“Oh, nothing. I’ve just been moved by how you have no need for any face. I also want to say a single thing to you,” laughed Long Chen.

“What thing?” Zhao Changxing narrowed his eyes and icily asked Long Chen.

Long Chen revealed a blessed smile and slowly enunciated each word. “Fuck off however far you can think of!” He spoke lightly and was smiling, but his words were extremely shocking and funny.

“You…!” Zhao Changxing raged, his hair standing on end from his anger. He looked just like a furious lion. He wanted to slap this kid to death with a single blow, but he didn’t dare.

“Okay, just you wait!” Zhao Changxing viciously threatened before turning and leaving. Who knew whether he was afraid that he would explode from his anger and he needed to vent a bit, but every single step he took formed more cracks on the stone road.

Seeing that Zhao Changxing had stormed off in his anger, everyone laughed. They all wondered whether Long Chen had properly thought his actions through.

Long Chen turned to look at Tu Fang who had remained silent in the competition over him. “Senior, I wonder what kind of treatment I could get if I joined your sect?”

Tu Fang slowly opened his eyes and looked at Long Chen, regretfully saying: 

“It would be extremely difficult for you to join my sect.”