Feeling that unstoppable aura, both Lei Qianshang and Qi Xin’s expressions were completely shocked. Their felt their bodies tighten as they were actually locked in place.

That was not the effect of a Battle Skill, but simply Long Chen’s aura. It was incredibly shocking to them that he could his use Blood Condensation aura to lock the two of them in place.

Long Chen’s bone blade ruthlessly slashed down. They were unable to dodge anymore, and so they could only take it head-on.

Both Qi Xin and Lei Qianshang shouted, releasing all their energy to block that attack.

BOOM!

The ground split apart and dust filled the air. Two wretched figures flew through the air, constantly vomiting blood.

But before they had even touched the ground, another figure had already appeared in front of them, a huge bone blade once more slashing down.

“What?!” Lei Qianshang and Qi Xin were horrified, not imagining Long Chen would attack so quickly after his previous attack.

That previous attack had already given them grave injuries. But now a second strike had come before they had even stabilized.

Neither of them even had the chance to set up any defence. The bone blade smashed into the two of them, immediately sending them flying.

The bone blade might be hard, but luckily for them, it wasn’t at all sharp. If it had been a sharp blade, both of them would have been cut into halves.

But even so, Long Chen’s bone blade had directly broken quite a few of their bones.

The spot Long Chen had sent them was towards the Heaven Earth Faction. Everyone let out a startled cry when they saw those two figures flying over.

The two of them fell in front of them, their bodies already somewhat deformed.

That stunned all of them. Were these really core disciples? How come in front of Long Chen they seemed as weak as rabbits?

“Hey, what are you waiting for? Don’t you remember the torment they put you through? If you aren’t going to take revenge now, when else would you?” Long Chen shouted out to those stunned people.

People were first too stunned to react, but then one person charged out and stamped his foot onto Lei Qianshang’s face.

“Fuck your mom, last time you beat me so badly. I bet you never thought there’d be this day!”

Lei Qianshang had already had his bones broken by Long Chen, and even his internal organs had been gravely damaged. Before he could ever understand what was happening, he was sent tumbling through the air by a kick from that person.

Having sent Lei Qianshang with a single kick, that person laughed loudly. His suppressed anger was finally being released.

“You’re asking for it!” Lei Qianshang glared furiously at that person.

“You dare glare at me? Go fuck yourself!” Seeing that Lei Qianshang still cursed at them, over ten others all charged over to beat him. Last time he had charged into the Heaven Earth Faction on his own and given almost everyone at least a couple broken bones, completely humiliating them.

Now that there was an opportunity to get revenge, they swarmed over him, pummelling both Lei Qianshang and Qi Xin.

The two of them were heavily wounded, and Long Chen had already exhausted their spiritual qi. They were completely powerless against these outer disciples who they ordinarily could have defeated with a swat of their hand.

“Brothers, release all the suffering and humiliation you’ve had to endure. You don’t need to bother with the flags. Repay them ten times the humiliation they’ve made you suffer. Beat them to death for me; ah wait, at least leave them with a breath.” Long Chen remembered not to kill them at that last moment.

Tang Wan-er and Ye Zhiqiu’s people swarmed over and crazily began to beat the two of them.

As for the opposing alliance, they were still dumbfounded by Long Chen’s strength. Other than the core disciples who were still fighting, the others were horrified, unsure whether they should charge forward or directly flee.

Tang Wan-er and Ye Zhiqiu’s people crazily released all the anger they had been suppressed within them. But even in their fury, they still didn’t forget themselves entirely. No one hit any vital points.

And so most of their beatings ended up on their limbs in order to avoid killing them. Even Guo Ran had come to viciously stamp his feet a couple times. However, he was then pulled out of the way by others. His flag case got in too many people’s way.

As for the first core disciple Long Chen had beat, he saw what was happening to the two of them and blessed his luck.

Although Long Chen’s attack had been strong, he still was able to fight. But now he acted too weak to get up.

That might be a bit embarrassing, but it was much better than the fates of Lei Qianshang and Qi Xin. Thinking about it for a moment, he just directly collapsed and pretended to have fainted.

What was happening over here gave Gu Yang a shock, and while he wanted to go help, Tang Wan-er and Ye Zhiqiu refused to let him get by.

Although it was impossible for the two of them to defeat him, they had more than enough power to block him temporarily. A surge of morale filled them when they saw Long Chen’s amazing power.

“Long Chen, I’ll kill you!” Gu Yang roared furiously. All his tattooed runes lit up and his aura exploded.

Lei Qianshang and Qi Xin were his allies, his left and right hands. Their disgrace was a humiliation for himself.

If he couldn’t reverse the situation, his fame would be tarnished. He no longer reserved anything, exploding out with his full force as he punched Tang Wan-er.

Tang Wan-er’s wind blades were destroyed by that powerful punch, and there was still enough force behind his fist for him to ruthlessly arrive right in front of her face.

“Ice Crystal Shield!” A huge ice wall appeared in front of Tang Wan-er, blocking Gu Yang’s fist. It also shattered when it met Gu Yang’s fist.

In just that brief moment, Tang Wan-er had already withdrew enough to once more summon her wind blades, sending them out to attack him.

Both of them were actually shocked at how powerful Gu Yang really was. This was the first time he had fought with such strength.

The two of them pulled out all their power to block him, not letting him pass. Victory or defeat would be decided by whether they could hold him back.

That was because Long Chen had already achieved an absolute superiority on his side. As long as they could hold on, victory would be theirs.

But the current Gu Yang was now like a crazy lion, constantly raining sharp attacks on them. Their wind and ice blades were constantly being destroyed, and it took everything they had to hold him back.

Long Chen looked at the incense stick and saw that everything had occurred too quickly. It had only burnt down to the halfway mark.

Seeing that Song Mingyuan’s side was also doing fine, he decided to directly charge into the opposing alliance, aiming for one of the flagbearers.

“Stop him!” That flagbearer was horrified and hastily shouted at everyone to protect him while he fled.

Unfortunately, he had really overestimated his comrades. After seeing two powerful experts like Lei Qianshang and Qi Xin be defeated so easily, none of them had any hope of stopping such a monster.

That flagbearer’s shout actually immediately caused everyone to flee away from him, leaving only him standing in his original position.

That flagbearer was struck dumb, quiveringly looking at Long Chen with fear.

“Senior Long, please don’t hit me! I’ll hand over the flags!” That person wasn’t stupid. Seeing everyone had left him, how could he possibly face off against Long Chen?

And now that everyone had fled, it wasn’t like they could blame him for handing over the flags.

In any case, it wasn’t as if their core disciples could drive all of them out of their factions. They were all elite disciples, the best they could obtain.

Long Chen was expressionless as he grabbed that person.

Frightened out of his mind, that person babbled, “Please spare me! Don’t kill me, don’t kill me!”

The first thing that had popped into his mind wasn’t that he would be defeated, but that he would be killed. That was because that scene of Long Chen killing those traitors was forever imprinted in his mind.

“AH!”

That person let out a startled cry as he suddenly was thrown into the air by Long Chen.

He tumbled a couple times and crawled up, realizing he was in front of the stunned Guo Ran.

That personally celebrated that he hadn’t been killed and respectfully held out his flags to Guo Ran. Guo Ran was delighted; who would have thought that someone would just hand over the flags to him like this?

But he was just about to take them when he suddenly remembered what Long Chen had told him at the beginning. His expression changed and he raged, “What kind of attitude is this? Kneel and raise them above your head in offering. Did you never learn any manners?

“You tormented us for that long; not crushing all your bones is already enough restraint on our parts.

“Do you believe me when I say I’ll call all my brothers over and beat your head into a completely new shape?”

That person turned to look at the people fiendishly glaring at him and sighed. He went down on his knees and raised the flags high above his head.

“Please kindly accept my offering.”

Guo Ran’s smile really was about to start blooming flowers now. After so much suffering, he had finally managed to release some of it back on his oppressors.

He reached out and grabbed the flags, pretending to be indifferent. “Okay, you can fuck off now. Remember, next time you have to take the initiative to bring them over on your own, understood?”

“I understand, I understand. I’ll fuck off now.” That person hastily fled back to his own faction.

He was already rejoicing that he hadn’t been beat up. At the same time he had a thought to withdraw from his faction. This competition really was too terrifying. He actually thought it’d be better to just be a factionless outer disciple.

Once that person left, there were others who flew over to take his place. However some of them possessed some more ‘courage’.

To those people, Guo Ran extremely bluntly called over his brothers to give them a very nice fist and feet massage.

Long Chen snatched all of their flags on his own. He sneered. This is what they got for not having any trust in each other.

Without trust, how would they possess any military power? They would just be a bunch of scattered sand. They’d be fine if nothing happened, but as soon as they met a true threat, they all just looked after themselves.

That was also why Long Chen hated those traitors so much. They had betrayed other people’s trust; if they had instead been in a real fight, they would have caused everyone to die.

“Long Chen, I’ll kill you!” Once Long Chen had stolen all their flags, Tang Wan-er and Ye Zhiqiu were finally unable to hold back Gu Yang.

He shot forward like an infuriated lion, his eyes spitting flames as he smashed his fist at Long Chen.