She had a graceful figure wrapped in violet robes that gave off a feeling of mystery. Her hair fell to her waist, and her skin was snow-white. Her face was veiled, only revealing her eyes. Those eyes were like a clear pool of water, but it was impossible to see the bottom. They seemed to be able to suck in a person’s soul. That kind of beauty was dangerous, but a person couldn’t help being drawn in.

It was like she was a combination of an immortal fairy and a devilish enchantress. Those two styles made her beauty full of contradictions, but it was impossible to free yourself once you were lost within it.

In this world, only she could possess such beauty - Yue Xiaoqian.

Long Chen hadn’t expected that Yue Xiaoqian had also entered the Immemorial Path. Furthermore, she was in the eastern region just like him.

She was surrounded by over ten experts. Her sword repeatedly flashed as she blocked all their attacks. Long Chen was surprised to see that her attackers weren’t from the Righteous or Corrupt paths. They were a group of ancient race experts.

The large canine teeth poking out of their mouths showed their identities. They were people from the Blazing Wolf race, and they were all rank two Celestials and above. There was one fellow covered in scarlet fur with a powerful aura that only an innate rank three Celestial could possess.

They were attacking Yue Xiaoqian, but although their attacks were sharp, Long Chen saw that they weren’t going all-out. They were holding back.

“Girl, being fancied by me is your fortune. Not every race has the qualifications to marry into my Blazing Wolf race. If you continue not to recognize my kindness, don’t blame me for being merciless and going all-out to suppress you. At that time, don’t say that I don’t know how to go easy on women,” sneered the rank three Celestial.

Long Chen frowned. Wasn’t it said that the ancient races didn’t intermarry with the human race? This idiot dared to say such a thing?

But then thinking about it, Long Chen guessed this idiot didn’t have such good intentions. Most likely, he had just begun drooling over Yue Xiaoqian’s beauty.

Although she was veiled, just her eyes and body were enough to infatuate any living being. These ancient race beasts were also unable to resist.

“I have no enmity with you. I hope you won’t make things hard on me,” said Yue Xiaoqian coldly. Although her voice contained fury, it still sounded melodious and refreshing.

“Haha, you’re finally willing to speak. Your voice is pretty nice. I’ve decided, you’re mine,” laughed the rank three Celestial, his eyes shining.

Long Chen saw that Yue Xiaoqian was already at the peak of Xiantian. According to reason, even if she couldn’t kill these people, she should have been able to get away.

He looked around and suddenly realized what was going on. There were quite a few people watching in secret. Yue Xiaoqian didn’t dare to release her full power with them all watching. Hm, it seemed it was time for the hero to save the beauty.

“Hey! All of you better stop and obediently leave behind everything valuable you have. Otherwise, today, I’ll pull out your dog teeth!” shouted Long Chen. Just like that, he swaggered over to them, looking down his nose at them.

“He’s… robbing us?”

The Blazing Wolf experts were dumbfounded. They thought they had misheard. It seemed they had only ever heard of people robbing others, but had never experienced it. In fact, it seemed their entire Blazing Wolf race had never experienced what that meant.

They hadn’t expected to run into such a person, and especially not such an arrogant person. He was even more arrogant than them. They stopped, but continued to surround Yue Xiaoqian.

Hearing Long Chen’s voice, Yue Xiaoqian shook slightly. Then looking at Long Chen’s arrogant smile, she was delighted. Although she was wearing a veil, Long Chen trusted she was definitely smiling.

“Brat, you dare to insult our Blazing Wolf race? What sect are you from?” demanded the rank three Celestial.

Although the Blazing Wolf race was tyrannical, they weren’t stupid. If this person clearly knew they were from the Blazing Wolf race but still dared to do this, then he had to have a shocking background. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have this kind of confidence. So he asked Long Chen for his sect.

“Have you heard of the Xuantian Dao Sect?” Long Chen smiled, leaning on his broadsword.

“The Xuantian Dao Sect?” The rank three Celestial was a bit startled at first, but then he raged, “My Blazing Wolf race has no enmity with your Xuantian Dao Sect! Are you trying to start a war?!”

Pow!

His response was a slap in the face. Yue Xiaoqian jumped, not expecting Long Chen to start fighting just like that.

Furthermore, his speed was shocking. The Blazing Wolf race’s innate rank three Celestial merely sensed his vision darkening for an instant before he felt a burst of pain. His head buzzed and he flew back.

The others all tried to attack, but Long Chen had immediately returned to his original location after that slap. He had come and gone like a phantom, finished in just the blink of an eye. It was like he hadn’t even moved.

“Idiot, I’ve already said to hand over everything valuable. Starting a war? No. What I’m doing is robbing; do I need to say it any clearer?” cursed Long Chen.

“Fuck off!” roared the rank three Celestial. When had he ever suffered this kind of insult before? He directly stabbed his black spear at Long Chen.

“Split the Heavens!”

BOOM! Long Chen’s broadsword smashed into the spear. This attack of his was extremely treacherous. Because he had advanced to the twelfth Heavenstage, his spiritual yuan was extremely robust and it went through nine acupuncture points instantly without requiring any effort.

In truth, in a battle between people of the same level, the number of people that died to big ultimate moves that required time to use was less than one in a hundred. The other ninety-nine died to an instantaneous technique.

An ultimate move might be powerful, but the more powerful it was, the longer it took to use. Moreover, it was easy to interrupt, so such moves naturally couldn’t be true killing moves.

Instantaneous moves might be weaker, but they could come suddenly without your opponent sensing them. They were the true killing blows.

Now that Long Chen had advanced to the twelfth Heavenstage, he could unleash the first form of Split the Heavens instantly, so it had become his most terrifying move. He didn’t use his divine ring or battle armor and didn’t release any of his powerful aura, so his enemy wouldn’t feel any fear or be on guard. This was a perfect model of dressing like a pig to eat a tiger.

As a result, the rank three Celestial suffered a miserable loss. He didn’t even summon his Cry of the Heavenly Daos before being sent flying.

Both of his arms were broken, and his spear was flying out of his grasp. He was horrified because he suddenly realized Long Chen’s second attack was already coming.

“No-!”

PFFT!

A cry of despair was cut short as Long Chen’s sword landed, turning him into a bloody mist. That cry still echoed through the air, but the crier was gone from this world.

“You… you dare to kill a member of our Blazing Wolf race! You… you and your family will definitely be-”

Golden light flashed. Countless golden scales devoured the other Blazing Wolf experts, instantly killing them.

“Idiots, every time you open your mouth, you say you’re going to kill a person’s entire family and sect. Stupid!” snorted Long Chen. He looked down greatly on the ancient races’ arrogant mouths.

Originally, he had been planning on helping Yue Xiaoqian out and just forcing them away. But as soon as he attacked, he found that he couldn’t control himself. He didn’t know if that was because of his fury in being looked down upon, or because they had insulted Yue Xiaoqian.

He grabbed the Treasure item as well as the spatial rings that were still intact. He smiled broadly at Yue Xiaoqian. “Miss beauty, look at how heroically I saved you! I even killed the Blazing Wolf race’s experts that were attacking you. About that… do you think you could consider giving your heart to me?”

Yue Xiaoqian thought back to when she had first met him in the Jiuli secret realm. Now seeing his wacky and comical behavior, she smiled, but she didn’t say anything back publicly.

“Fool, you provoked a large disaster by killing them,” she whispered once she walked over.

“That’s fine. I already have so much trouble to deal with that I don’t care about another Blazing Wolf race. Let’s go have a chat!” Long Chen smiled.

The two of them left, walking shoulder to shoulder. Those spectators were all stunned, feeling as if this world had gone crazy.

Long Chen was too vicious. He even dared to attack the ancient races. Furthermore, he didn’t just attack them; he killed them all.

Just how powerful were the ancient races? Even if he had the Xuantian Dao Sect as a backer, if the ancient races turned hostile, would the Xuantian Dao Sect really fight against them for a single disciple?

Furthermore, the ancient races were very united. Once one ancient race made a move, the others would also appear. Long Chen had provoked a disaster.

What they didn’t know was that Long Chen had long since provoked that disaster.

Right now, what he needed to do was find his old free and unconstrained self. He had found that he was becoming more and more cautious of everything. If this continued, perhaps he would walk along the same path as in the Jiuli secret realm.

So when he encountered a provocation, he wouldn’t choose to endure and retreat again. Since enemies were unavoidable, why not cut down a few of them in advance? That wasn’t a bad thing.

However, he didn’t know that currently, his name was not only transmitting throughout the Righteous and Corrupt paths, but also throughout the ancient races and other powers. Countless experts were setting their sights on Long Chen in the dark.